It is as exciting and enthralling a listen as anything Thrice have ever created. [Oct 2011, p.105]
	It's a take it or leave it, and for arguably the most consistent band in the scene over the last decade, Major/Minor is a triumph. What else and to whom do they need to prove anything anymore anyway?
	Major/Minor is just another testament to Thrice's ability to do no wrong.
	Major/Minor is an unusually conventional and yet glorious statement from a band characterised by fearless experimentation and exquisite music. [24 Sep 2011, p.53]
	This is the sound of a band hitting their stride and just running with all of their strengths on show--and there can be no complaints about that.
	Thrice's latest, Major/Minor, is one of those elusive, much-needed types of LPs: urgent, aching and filled with heaviness-like pouring-liquid-steel-into-a-cast-iron-mug-and-chugging-it-straight heavy.
	Major/Minor is nothing short of very good (with emphasis on "very").
	With Major/Minor Thrice have stripped away unnecessary studio production, added instrumentation and pretention to offer simply a great rock album.
	Major/Minor will go down as another solid, if unspectacular, Thrice release.
	It ain't a perfect, cohesive statement, but Major/Minor packs too much power to be ignored.
	There is no doubt that this is one of the best albums ever created. The lyrical work and the tunes are stunning, not a shock coming fromThere is no doubt that this is one of the best albums ever created. The lyrical work and the tunes are stunning, not a shock coming from Thrice, as Dustin's lyrics are always deep and meaningful. Thrice must really have put their souls and effort into this masterpiece. The album is flawless… Full Review »
	Thrice albums are the only releases in music that I truly look forward to each time, ever since I first got hooked all those years ago. ThisThrice albums are the only releases in music that I truly look forward to each time, ever since I first got hooked all those years ago. This is no exception. 'Major/Minor' is an incredible album, and any self-respecting Thrice fan, or music fan, for that matter, should pick it up. At least give it a listen. It's well worth your time.… Full Review »
	Some people may not like Thrice albums, but the band has changed over the ages. It has grown into a genre of itself, there is no other bandSome people may not like Thrice albums, but the band has changed over the ages. It has grown into a genre of itself, there is no other band like Thrice and Major/Minor is a perfect example is a both a reminiscence of old Thrice mixed with a new, more mainstream Thrice sound. Thrice has not lost its soul and still keeps me engaged after all these years. Lyrics, strong as always; some songs don't instantly touch you like Vheissu but after a listen, they're all great. Vheissu is still my favorite but Major/Minor is not far behind.… Full Review »
	