We may be more entertained at times by Rock's extramusical affairs, but the "Devil" should still be given his due as a clever and creative musical force.
	His good-hearted faith in rock & roll delivers a powerful kick. As he well knows--and Rock N Roll Jesus proves--roaring guitars, truckloads of attitude and an unquenchable lust for life make up for a multitude of sins.
	There is a fairly catholic array of influences here: Smile-provoking nostalgiafest 'All Summer Long' lifts elements from both 'Werewolves of London' and 'Sweet Home Alabama.' But the mediocre 'New Orleans' makes hard work of celebrating Big Easy blues.
	Even his derivative muddles exhibit such an irresistible zing that you find yourself laughing at and singing along to and not worrying that maybe his heroes did it first and did it better.
	Those nostalgic for a '70s arena-rock past they were too young to experience can live it with this album.
	From the AC/DC-guitar rips of 'So Hott,' the first single, to the tongue-piercing snare of the title song, the album revels in the physicality of rock & roll.
	Convinced he's some kind of rock revivalist, he's more Bob Seger, Skynyrd and Hank Jr. than anything else here. That works in his favour for most of the album, aside from a few misses like the generically foot-stompin' 'So Hot' and the gospel-infused singalong 'Don't Tell Me U Love Me.'
	Rumours of emotional maturity are exaggerated...but the reflective moments are best. [Dec 2007, p.98]
	Mostly it looks like there's a new kid in town. [Dec 2007, p.98]
	Jesus spits in the face of good taste with such unbridled enthusiasm that it's almost possible overlook its more cringe-inducing tendencies. Almost.
	The music isn't as serious: splashy and silly though it may be, at least it gets the basic sound right, even if it's way too polished and precise.
	A willfully dumb concoction of crotch-grabbing Southern rock workouts and boneheaded strip-joint anthems. [Dec 2007, p.121]
	Because of this CD, I now I listen to two bands, THE GRATEFUL DEAD(10) and Kid Rock(9.99).
	Best Rock Cd ever recorded since the seventies. Kid Rock is a Rock, Hip Hop,Country, Metal, Blues, and Soul God. There is not a musician Best Rock Cd ever recorded since the seventies. Kid Rock is a Rock, Hip Hop,Country, Metal, Blues, and Soul God. There is not a musician alive that can touch this. Thank You Kid for keeping music REAL!!!… Full Review »
	I love every word and every note, of every song,Bob has wrote. All I got to say is " Thats What I'm Talking About" I can feel it!
	