Repeated plays will bear deep rewards confirming both protagonist' growing stature in modern music. [Jun 2012, p.82]
	Storm Corrosion deserve to reach a wider audience than their CV, record collections - or suspect band name- would imply. [Jun 2012, p.112]
	Bonkers and beautiful, Storm Corrosion leaves one wondering what this duo will come up with next.
	In allowing their imaginations to run riot in a gloriously self-indulgent way, they've made a record possessed of an extremity all of its own. [5 May 2012, p.53]
	As an immersive journey into uncharted territory, Storm Corrosion is an unequivocal triumph.
	Anyone open-minded enough to approach the project without any expectations will be quickly swept off into the spacious perennial twilight created by these two master craftsmen.
	Fantastic. It's unlike anything I've heard before and not what I expected from a Opeth/Steven Wilson crossover. It's very dark and notFantastic. It's unlike anything I've heard before and not what I expected from a Opeth/Steven Wilson crossover. It's very dark and not friendly but very rewarding… Full Review »
	Wow, at least about 75% of it is great, I find it does tend to drag a bit towards the end.  There still is a bit of an Opeth vibe if not soundWow, at least about 75% of it is great, I find it does tend to drag a bit towards the end.  There still is a bit of an Opeth vibe if not sound to the album which has lots of strings, acoustic picking and a very languid pace.  I find it's actually a nice listen after Heritage, again not similar in sound but in feel just as eerie...maybe even more so.Wilson does most of the vocal duties, which are excellent, but I was a bit suprised.  Certainly off the beaten track but well worth it...… Full Review »
	I really had no idea what to expect from this album. Whilst very familiar with the work of Stephen Wilson I knew nothing of MikaelI really had no idea what to expect from this album. Whilst very familiar with the work of Stephen Wilson I knew nothing of Mikael Åkerfeldt and had some Swedish Death Metal worries... Nothing like that at all! Almost folk in places with sumptuous sounds, interesting development of songs and very listenable... highly recommended!… Full Review »
	