The songs are mature but not boring; nicely layered but not overproduced; well executed but not sterile. [May 2006, p.164]
	Compared to Maritime's ragged debut, Glass Floor, the new record is a fountain of confidence, forgoing its predecessor's fussy arrangements for simple structures and big hooks.
	One of the biggest surprises of the year.
	We, The Vehicles is a fine collection of songs by a band running on all cylinders.
	We, the Vehicles not only exceeds its predecessor, but serves as a corrective to every one of its deficiencies.
	Sure, emo bands cry over their myriad problems all the time, many of which are delivered either as mopey confessionals or with Gerard Way-ian gothenticity, but rarely are they so post-apocalyptic.
	While some tracks are absolutely reminiscent of these lads’ former bands... Maritime comes off most like Tahiti 80 or the Postal Service, crafting lofty, affable pop concerned with pristine beauty.
	The songwriting is strong enough and the arrangements appealing enough that We the Vehicles has a quiet pop charm all its own.
	Pretty damn good.
	Maritime won't be able to distinguish themselves from others, but they have an amazing ability to create songs like "Tearing Up the Oxygen," which as a pop-play on words with a sense of realism. [Apr 2006, p.97]
	We, the Vehicles is ultimately too redundant to graduate Maritime into a more mature audience.
	If you are looking for light-as-air indie rock doused in melancholy, you won't do better than We, The Vehicles.
	I dont care what the critics or reviewers say, this cd is awesome from start to finish, and everyone Ive played it for has absolutely loved I dont care what the critics or reviewers say, this cd is awesome from start to finish, and everyone Ive played it for has absolutely loved it. It seems like every day I have a different song stuck in my head.… Full Review »
	this album is pleasantly quirky, but these guys just strike me as lightweights.
	A great album, one of the best so far this year. With a very fresh pop-indie sound, this is a very welcome addition in any collection.
	