Porcupine Tree makes a triumphant return to experimental, non-linear style with 2007's Fear of a Blank Planet.
	The result is an often crushingly heavy masterpiece that has true meaning with or without the music. It’s a rare thing these days but Porcupine Tree seem able to do it time and again. This album is no exception.
	Fear of a Blank Planet is not only their most vintage-sounding album, it’s also their best.
	For elder listeners Fear probably won't serve as the powerful statement it wants to be--its themes have been explored to more exacting impact before and, musically, it's fairly standard progressive fare--but it is a strong and intelligent album and for a generation that's grown numb from three-minute ditties about life at the end of the country club cul-de-sac that embrace rather than rage against the dying of the light, it may serve as a wake up call and provide hope for a brighter and more color-infused tomorrow.
	This is a taut, epic and well-rounded piece, dripping in atmosphere.
	Spectacular the music may be, but it’s the reflective lyrics that keep the album firmly on Earth.
	Best of all is Sleep Together: like Radiohead playing Kashmir, and brilliantly led by former Japan keyboard player Richard Barbieri. Yes, prog lives--and Porcupine Tree are its leading players. [July 2007]
	These six songs offer moments as heavy as P-Tree have ever been, but are wistfully, sprawlingly melodic as well-sometimes in the same tune.
	A dramatic, wide-screen, expertly executed, even genuinely executed thrilling rock record worthy of an audience way beyond nu-prog’s regular constituency. [Apr 2007]
	This review contains spoilers, click full review link to view.
        
This album opens up with a gripping, catchy song that uses several different musical melodies. It retains its interest throughout the song in a very Radioheadesque fashion in terms of musical techniques used.After that it breaks into My Ashes, possibly one of the most poignant pieces I have ever heard. It continues onto the angsty Anesthetize and then finishes with some of the most beautiful and creative music I have ever heard. All in all, even if you come from a place that requires something new every song, this album will satisfy you. It also has some of Porcupine Tree's most beautiful melodies.… Full Review »
	One of my new favorite bands because of this album, it's awesome. This is an easy 10 and is better than their most recent album IMO. If youOne of my new favorite bands because of this album, it's awesome. This is an easy 10 and is better than their most recent album IMO. If you like this, I recommend In Absentia or Deadwing.… Full Review »
	Some people say: "Oh, only six songs", but I say: "I prefer six incredible songs rather than a 12 tracks album with 2 good songs and 10 filler songs."
	