Except for an impressive reinvention of Talking Heads' "Warning Sign," the rest of Gorilla Manor takes it a bit easier, but these boys never ramble without reason. Even slower bucolic numbers like "Who Knows Who Cares" demonstrate Local Natives' knack for crafting emotive moments that never feel bathetic, as well as technically proficient pop that, in spite of initial impressions, never seems studied.
	Local Natives have made a stunning debut, feeling simultaneously familiar and challenging, and presenting a sweeping collection of tracks that are at once cinematic and sonically lush, swelling and serene.
	Pianos bounce, strings swell, and the band gets down to business on all 12 tracks.
	At first listen that seems off-- the chops and compositional sense here are the most immediately impressive part of the album. But dig deeper and you realize Local Natives never lose sight of the pleasures of being a youthful rock band-- right down to themes of wanderlust and discovery.
	Gorilla Manor is no classic – it's too indebted to its makers' influences for that. But it is a strong, striking debut that exceeds expectations and should open enough doors for the band to ensure that album two is immediately placed at the top of journalist must-listen-to piles and consumers' to-buy lists alike.
	Reportedly taking as much time to arrange harmonies as write the music, Gorilla Manor is a definite labour of love, and you know what they say; you get out what you put in. Though it may not be revolutionary, for me, this album is a little gem.
	By turns exuberant and hushed, intricate and occasionally frenzied, Gorilla Manor more than lives up to its title.
	A compelling, intricate album in which to lose yourself.
	In an age of playlists, they've made a cohesive album. [Winter 2010, p.68]
	They're not quite as cerebral as Vampire Weekend, but Camera Talk and Cards & Quarters are studded with synapse-snapping shifts in tempo and tone, making this record the place to be as the year ends. [Dec 2009, p.119]
	Gorilla Manor consists of twelve very intricate and charming songs. The record has a sense of liveliness and reaches out to human abilities, emotions and reactions.
	The light continues to shine through "Airplanes" and a clever turn on Talking Heads, but despite the (mostly) joyful chorus, the promising eleation never exactly fulfills its due. However, despite the flaws of their debut, Local natives are one of the more gratifying emergences from East L.A. in recent times. [Winter 2010, p.97]
	There's a bit of Broadway, a touch of Motown and a tang of choir nerd to them, but Local Natives avoid the preciousness of Grizzly Bear or the gang-chorus rapture of Arcade Fire. It's a rare band that can use its chemistry as its own instrument.
	Gorilla Manor is a bit too much of an amalgamation of its bi-coastal influences to really stake out any territory of its own, but it's a handy synthesis of two prevailing sounds.
	Gorilla Manor is a solid and promising debut, but it can come across like it was all conceived by an algorithm designed to mine and and refine indie rock's most fashionable trends.Gorilla Manor is a solid and promising debut, but it can come across like it was all conceived by an algorithm designed to mine and and refine indie rock's most fashionable trends.
	it's almost impossible to listen to without making comparisons, and Local Natives are not the beneficiaries of the process.
	Letting themselves go with greater frequency would turn what is a pretty record into one that actually breaks ground; it'd be sexier that way.
	Gorilla Manor is listenable and inoffensive, but it doesn't express a single aforementioned component of its genre with any gusto.
	Local Natives' debut album, Gorilla Manor, is a grandiose album, containing the perfect amount of emotion, soaring melodies, and perfectlyLocal Natives' debut album, Gorilla Manor, is a grandiose album, containing the perfect amount of emotion, soaring melodies, and perfectly constructed instrumentals that a good indie album should contain. The opening song, "Wide Eyes", is the perfect song to begin the record with, as it sets the tone of the entire album. The catchy riff and melody leave nothing to be desired indeed. "Airplanes" is a feel-good song with exceptional piano, drums, and vocals. Then again, the vocals are notably performed throughout the entire album. "Sun Hands" is the most rock-inspired song on the album due to its harsher vocals and faster rhythm.  "World News" is one of my favorite songs of the album because of its highly catchy guitar parts and ambitious vocals. The next four songs are some of my least favorite of the album, but offer good vibes nonetheless. Of these four, "Camera Talk" is definitely my favorite. The ninth song on the album, "Who Knows Who Cares," is my favorite song on the record. The calm and memorable guitar riff, the emotional pop vocals, the ascending intensity of the song, and the intense drum interlude all combine to create a majestic specimen of indie-pop. The last three songs really put a great end to the album. "Cubism Dream" carries some surprisingly powerful musical momentum that is satisfyingly released at the end of the song. "Stranger Things" incorporates a very pleasing strings section and contains one of my favorite verse melodies of the album. The somewhat calm nature of the last song, "Sticky Thread," brings the album to a very satisfactory close that really makes you think, "Wow, that was a damn good record." Overall, Gorilla Manor is one of my favorite albums and has placed the Local Natives high on my list of favorite bands.… Full Review »
	Hands down one of the best debuts by any band since 2000. Local Natives not only incorporate mind-blowing texture and comfortable harmonies,Hands down one of the best debuts by any band since 2000. Local Natives not only incorporate mind-blowing texture and comfortable harmonies, but they take you to places you never knew even existed. The kick-off "Wide Eyes" smashes any doubt that this record might not be worth listening to, followed by the killer  single "Airplanes". Fan favorite, and traditional closer song "Sun Hands" leads in to the optimistic "World News" and the ride only gets better from there. By the time the listener hits "Who Knows, Who Cares", they have most likely realized that this band is different from the many that exist in this day and age. One of the only albums I can listen to all the way through and be sad when it ends, you'll almost wish that it was longer… Full Review »
	Local Natives really blew me away the first time I listened to Gorilla Manor. I loved how they're influenced by so many incredible bands, yetLocal Natives really blew me away the first time I listened to Gorilla Manor. I loved how they're influenced by so many incredible bands, yet they retrain their own musical style. Each track really stands on their own. So far I've only listened to it twice but I already know it's one of those records I'll probably listen to for awhile. All In All, Local Natives craft a brilliant debut record  with Gorilla Manor. A-… Full Review »
	