The album as a whole sweeps across a broad range of stylistic tones, maintaining levity while dabbling in comparably serious musical pursuits. [Aug 200, p.146]
	Following the release of its much buzzed-about 2008 breakout album, electro-rap duo 3OH!3 returns with more fast-paced, catchy digital-pop beats on its latest set, Streets of Gold.
	It is a Frankenstein monster built wholly from borrowed pieces, taking the accumulated lessons of years of hip-hop assimilation, the sophomoric attitude of frat-rock and the dense, dance-friendly electro-pop of the moment and grinding them into an oppressive and convincing wall of sounds.
	Shame that one-joke ideas like "House Party" get blown out of proportion, and even worse, the healthy helping of filler is obstinate, refusing to fade into the background because of over-the-top performances. 3oh!3 are nothing if not loud and shameless, so if you expect end-to-end excellence from their albums, you've got a lot to learn about cheap thrills.
	Streets of Gold's beats still sound garage-sale-Casio cheap, but the album yields several doofy, affable sing-alongs and even - yeeps! - an Owl City-esque ballad.
	They're probably the only band in history whose latest album would sound better if they did not appear on it.
	We know 3OH!3 can be entertaining and danceable, but too many tracks seem rushed, unenthusiastic and even boring.
	I mean, the guys have packed Streets of Gold with mindless, completely clustered romps through nothingness.
	Over brutish synths and hammy bleats, the puerile brosefs' third album shares, among other witticisms: Gonna have a house party in my house.
	Streets of Gold is about as pleasant as a case of genital herpes.
	3OH!3 are electro-hip-pop white bread American scum.
	My God.  What have we done.
	Takes the piss. This album is absolutely dreadful, the lack of intelligence in the lyrics is depressing, the music is so putrid that theTakes the piss. This album is absolutely dreadful, the lack of intelligence in the lyrics is depressing, the music is so putrid that the sounds of a cat being raped by an elephant would be more pleasant. Their prior album was repugnant, it made them my least favorite band on the face of the earth, in the entire history of mankind. This album is so putrid that it can only be described as the byproduct of fungi growing from Satan's armpit mixing with the only toilet at a chilli cook-off. It has redefined what terrible is in every way shape and form. The themes are shockingly less mature than the prior album's, focusing on the touching of genitals and removing of panties, once again objectifying women and making the assumption that their ape ugly arses are desirable in some way. The production is so heavy that it repeats the obvious lack of talent seen in their prior album, and once again there are no real instruments present in the album, only cheap synth effects. No talent went into the making of this album, it's so low brow that it kills the brain cells of those listening and sounds so awful that capitol punishment seems like the only thing 3Oh!3 deserves as payment. Essentially this album is scraping the bottom of the idiot barrel, and you're an idiot too if you enjoy it.… Full Review »
	Sadly enough, America is falling for 3OH!3's "charmless, but highly catchy" tunes. Street of Gold's lead single, "My First Kiss", is the onlySadly enough, America is falling for 3OH!3's "charmless, but highly catchy" tunes. Street of Gold's lead single, "My First Kiss", is the only standout track -- because while it is obnoxiously written and sadly produced, it is catchy and it's nice to hear Ke$ha's vocals, even for a mere second. However, the rest of Street of Gold never differs from 3OH!3's usual "talk-rap" jabber. Basically, there's never really any talent being shown. Not even the backing tracks sound all that attractive.Street of Gold offers 3OH!3 nothing more than a few bucks from listeners who are starving for new music. But listeners who actually respect music...won't find anything but garbage.… Full Review »
	