Besides boasting some of the band's most violent music to date, what makes The Powerless Rise such a stunning metal record is the band's commitment to vigrously kicking at their boundaries while remaining true to their sound. [Jun 2010, p.104]
	Not only is The Powerless Rise As I Lay Dying’s heaviest album to date, it also features a splendor not heard on past releases.
	As a band, AILD has grown most is in their songwriting and production skills (the latter of which are now off the charts in terms of precision). The Powerless Rise, delivers on what their previous outings have handsomely promised.
	The riffs are meatier, the leads are catchier and the breakdowns, while still present, are reserved for only optimal moments, making The Powerless Rise an instantly memorable modern metal album.
	Though ‘The Powerless Rise’ only signifies progression within strict genre parameters, AILD have stuck to their guns with flair.
	Sure, the quintet has gone back to the cookie-cutter sound of twin leads, hardcore breakdowns, and alternating clean and harsh vocals, but by essentially admitting that they have no innovative ideas whatsoever and are content to work within that metalcore template, they actually sound like a band liberated on The Powerless Rise.
	For an album that took 3 years to make, 'The Powerless Rise' makes that wait worth while.  An album that never feels cliche or repetitive andFor an album that took 3 years to make, 'The Powerless Rise' makes that wait worth while.  An album that never feels cliche or repetitive and is enjoyable from beginning to end.  This is, in essence, a love letter to metal fans; and makes you rethink the parameters of the metal genre.  The album is technical, relentless, fast and furious; it even feels as if it passes too quickly clocking in around 44 minutes.  The album is very balanced, and its heavy hitters are dispersed throughout the album.  The framework that this album was made on, is almost identical to 2007's 'An Ocean Between Us'; but hits a little harder.  Some of the songs seem to fit better with others, and a few of the songs seem out of place.  The album is finessed in a way, that it doesn't wear on listeners; but that is what keeps it from achieving a higher plateau and becoming a definitive metal album.… Full Review »
	Speaking of this album is extremely technical music and songs are well structured. No notes, chords or riffs, which are out of place. EachSpeaking of this album is extremely technical music and songs are well structured. No notes, chords or riffs, which are out of place. Each instrument is in a perfect place, perfect time and sound together in an amazingly epic. The metalcore genre is incredible, but we must admit that this is one of the most oversaturated genres on the heavy side of the music industry. However, As I Lay Dying is by far the band is at the top of the food chain in the metalcore.Vocally, Tim has some extra sounds behind his voices in this album. They seem to be a little deeper and lower than in previous albums. But do not worry about the clean vocals are still present and are quite impressive. The Powerless Rise seems to have something extra out of Tim, almost like he was shouting directly to listeners on this album. As usual in the letters, there is no mention of Christ, but his lyrics have Christian center in which we invite you to not cling to the things of this world but to fight for what is eternal.I can not imagine what would be the music without AILD, these titans continue to put the measure on such a high level that there might not be any band that comes close to them these days. In my opinion, surpassed his previous work An Ocean Between Us.This album is so good that every song is excellent, You can not miss in your collection… Full Review »
	The powerless rise is a brutal but clean album. It's by far the band's best album and is worthy of a purchase. All the songs are quality andThe powerless rise is a brutal but clean album. It's by far the band's best album and is worthy of a purchase. All the songs are quality and the guitars keep you entertained throughout. Not a dull moment.… Full Review »
	