The emotion fueling her pretense is cathartic nevertheless.
	Nobody's Daughter, despite its lengthy and troubled gestation, is a rich and emotionally searing addition to that canon, effortlessly besting her haphazard solo album.
	Against all odds, Nobody's Daughter prevails with head-turning vitriolic blasts like Skinny Little Bitch, Samantha and How Dirty Girls Get Clean.
	Nobody's Daughter recalls the highlights of the band's critically acclaimed 1994 album, "Live Through This," and shows that, as a band, Hole is not one bit damaged.
	Hole is barely Hole at this point. Overall, though, Daughter pretty much nails the Patti Smith-meets-Stevie Nicks rasp Love has long aimed for.
	With Courtney Love the only original member involved, Hole's return is nominal, but Love's resurrection is very real....It's only when Love throws a pity party on a series of slow jams that sincerity eludes her.
	Nobody's Daughter probably won't restore Love's credibility as a rock musician--her moment has passed--but unlike so many of her peers she's still weirdly, thrillingly believable.
	The biggest problem with "Nobody's Daughter" is the mostly standard hard rock licks provided by her too-merry band of youngsters. These boys don't sound like they've lived through anything, much less Love's torrid brand of "this."
	The rest of Nobody's Daughter is largely hit or miss. The album is bookended by songs composed solely by Love: The title track is lyrically amateurish, filled with the kind of macabre imagery you'd find in a high school student's poetry or a Nine Inch Nails album, while the bonus track "Never Go Hungry," on the other hand, impresses for its effortless couplets.
	Nobody's Daughter isn't a true success - but it's a noble effort.
	Love herself, though, has barely changed: still enslaved by the need to vent every emotion as it happens, she's alternately thrilling (see the snarling, visceral Skinny Little Bitch) and tedious (quite a lot of the other tracks).
	Like most Hole albums, Nobody's Daughter has flashes of inspiration but is generally weighed down by inconsistency and too many songs that sound like they were phoned in.
	On many levels it's immediately obvious that Nobody's Daughter is neither an awful record, nor a great one.
	If 'America's Sweetheart' was a breakdown record, 'Nobody's Daughter' is a recovery album. As that analogy would suggest, it's not always pretty to witness.
	While Love remains as ferocious as ever, the bleak, samey production here doesn't always rise to meet her.
	Songwriters Linda Perry and Billy Corgan (moonlighting from the Smashing Pumpkins), producer Michael Beinhorn--sand down her rough edges and turn Nobody's Daughter into a dreary piece of middle-of-the-road product.
	Overall, Nobody's Daughter isn't a complete backfire, but it is proof that Love should hang up the Hole moniker and stick to her own solo career instead, since this release is basically a Courtney Love solo record that just happens to have a Hole logo on the cover instead.
	I would love nothing more than to tell you that Nobody's Daughter is a massive ***-you to the haters, but unfortunately, all this does is give them more ammunition, meekly soiling the legacy of a band that deserves far, far better.
	In the case of Nobody's Daughter, the tattered, ragged survivor in the gossip rags is no different than the one on record, both capturing Courtney in an inevitable, not so romantic decline, inadvertently turning every cliché into truth as she slowly slips into her final role as alt-rock's Norma Desmond.
	A dismal and insipid collection of retrogressive mid-tempo ballads and textbook alt.rock moves.
	Far too many songs here are conducted in a mid-pace. [Jun 2010, p.90]
	The main impression left by Nobody's Daughter represents no great surprise: that for all her raging intelligence, Courtney Love is only as good as her collaborators. [Jun 2010, p.121]
	What we've gotten instead is a forgettable collection of fairly generic, overproduced rock songs that feel, oddly, like a put-on.
	This album is by far, the greatest piece of work I have heard this generation. Courtney Love proves she is back and she's staying. This albumThis album is by far, the greatest piece of work I have heard this generation. Courtney Love proves she is back and she's staying. This album is amazing. I could praise it for hours and hours. "Nobody's Daughter" states Courtney's faults and shows a vulnerable side to her that nobody has seen while still having the emotional, powerful lyrics that she always has had. It's a very amazing album and it has so much meaning behind it. There is something about Nobody's Daughter that I haven't felt with any other album... It's like Courtney is instead of avoiding her scars and mistakes she is overcoming them and standing up and saying F*** You and I'm back.. I could literally praise this album FOR HOURS.… Full Review »
	Brilliant record. A firey, passionate, triumphant return for Love. Some of the most thrilling radio rock and some of the most heartbreaking Brilliant record. A firey, passionate, triumphant return for Love. Some of the most thrilling radio rock and some of the most heartbreaking ballads I've heard in years. It can't touch Live Through This, but I think she is lyrically at her peak; and WHAT A PEAK. All the songs are well-written, and produced to perfection. Simply a wonderful record, well done!… Full Review »
	The album could've been longer, but the material is solid. Stand outs are "Nobody's Daughter", "Honey", "Pacific Coast Highway" and The album could've been longer, but the material is solid. Stand outs are "Nobody's Daughter", "Honey", "Pacific Coast Highway" and "How Dirty Girls Get Clean".… Full Review »
	