He's never sounded more confident. [Mar 2005, p.134]
	Simple without being simplistic. [#14, p.98]
	With Awake, Lee has become a writer so adept at communicating his personality through song, that it’s easy to feel like you know him after just a few listens.
	Indeed, "Awake" is Lee's strongest album in years; so good that you can even forgive the Har Mar Superstar cameo.
	Stand[s] alongside Something to Remember Me By as his strongest album.
	[A] pleasant Sunday drive of an album. [18 Feb 2005, p.78]
	This album is just that – an album in the truest sense, a collection of songs that work together as a whole and one that doesn’t rely on a strong single or two to make it work.
	[Lee is a] maturing craftsman. [Mar 2005, p.92]
	The disc's simple melodies and slightly dated alt-rock sound are unlikely to change his fortunes anytime soon.
	The songs, engaging as they are, sound cursory, as though Lee wrote them while riding the bus on his way to the studio, staring at his watch and an empty notebook.
	Nothing here approaches innovation, and while the music isn't offensive to the ears, it provides little to get excited about. [#9]
	Much of Awake Is the New Sleep feels labored, lyrically and musically.
	Awake has the occasional spiffy tune... but it's padded with pop-rock toss-offs and an unlistenable, ten-minute instrumental noise jam.
	Doesn't pack enough hooks to make it memorable. [Apr 2005, p.105]
	It's all perfectly serviceable pop, if a little dull.
	It intrigues more than satisfies. [Apr 2005, p.100]
	Awake is a distinctly flawed album; much of what's here is precious or forced-sounding.
	Contrary to what its title might imply, there’s really not a whole lotta "new" goin’ on here.
	Like a washed-up athlete, Lee's stuck reliving his glory years.
	Brilliant! One of my top five favorite albums! This is the kind of album that makes you feel good about everything when you listen to it. Brilliant! One of my top five favorite albums! This is the kind of album that makes you feel good about everything when you listen to it. It's sweet and charming with a twist. I just adore it!… Full Review »
	beautiful! ben lee has made a stunning album to sing to
	This album never ceases to make me happy. Despite what others claim, this is NOT a breakup album. Sure bits and pieces of an artist's This album never ceases to make me happy. Despite what others claim, this is NOT a breakup album. Sure bits and pieces of an artist's personal life are going to wind up in their work, but this album is so much more than that. It has a spirituality that is neither cloying nor preachy...something this Agnostic can digest without annoyance. Love it! Ben's the man.… Full Review »
	