The most powerful, viscerally brutal album the quartet have released to date. [Sep 2001, p.100]
	Slayer remains an elemental metal band, continuing to surge on something high-grade and uncut.
	They're still racing through their riffs with the velocity of a NASCAR winner. [21 Sep 2001, p.84]
	Slayer return to the knuckle-busting fury of their demonic 1986 speed metal classic, Reign in Blood, while still somehow managing to spike their sonic mayhem with some catchy riffing and the odd melodic vocal line.
	'God Hates Us All' signals a return to the marked aggression of their earlier selves.... The only thing that inhibits this album is its one-dimensional pace, as one too many tracks features grinding verse leading into charging chorus, repeat to fade.
	Sounds like a tighter, more focused version of past glories.
	Don't worry--eight albums into their reign, Slayer still sound like Slayer. [Sep 2001, p.158]
	As feral and ferocious an album as they've made in years. [Oct 2001, p.130]
	God Hates Us All is Slayer's most brutal record since 1986's immortal (or undead) Reign in Blood.
	Slayer do what they do with impassioned authority, which is what makes an album full of vileness so compelling.
	Slayer doesn't add any window dressing to its bile-filled Satanic metal. Instead, it just relies on its three core ingredients (speed, power, and precision), and as a result, its music is not only blisteringly potent, but also sort of fun.
	It's not as good as 1988's South of Heaven, but there's enough speaker-shredding guitar noise to make up for any vocal deficiencies. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.128]
	One of the best albums in their discography!Every song is cool.Pure Slayer through and through!I like Disciple most of all.
Energetic ,One of the best albums in their discography!Every song is cool.Pure Slayer through and through!I like Disciple most of all.Energetic , awesome job!… Full Review »
	Well, this album doesn't deserve that score. Songs does not have that unique Slayer atmosphere in my opinion, it sounds so generic. Riffs areWell, this album doesn't deserve that score. Songs does not have that unique Slayer atmosphere in my opinion, it sounds so generic. Riffs are not enough fast, wicked and complex. They all sound same and all of them are repetitive. Tom is just yelling, it's not his style. I can't hear "real Tom" in this album. I just can't hear the brutality. Solos suck as usual. The only song that I love is Disciple. That's it. It would be good album for a generic band maybe but not for Slayer.… Full Review »
	The most brutal Slayer album ever. I don;t know why so many hate it. Of course, it's not the unparallelled gem that Reign In Blood The most brutal Slayer album ever. I don;t know why so many hate it. Of course, it's not the unparallelled gem that Reign In Blood is...but it's my 4th favourite Slayer album after RIB,Seasons and Christ illusion(yes, you read that right..Christ Illusion).… Full Review »
	