[Starsailor] sounds more confident than ever.
	Far from a perfect next step, Silence suffers from some slight songs. [23/30 Jan 2004, p.98]
	If all goes well, people will forego the bad songs and concentrate on the really good ones, and Starsailor will get the message to go subtle and tight. [#8, p.102]
	The 'Sailor can often sound a little too elfin even by the standards of the early '70s orchestral folk rock they love. [Jan 2004, p.100]
	There's little to object to on Silence Is Easy, but just as little to distinguish Starsailor's second effort from the many sound-alike albums sure to follow this year.
	'Silence Is Easy' is non-challenging "pretty pretty" music for early-ageing types who might recoil at anything without an acoustic guitar and tomtoms.
	The reliance on stately balladry can be yawnsome. But this is attractive listening, and it's hard not to be moved by its tenderness.
	Starsailor, then: not very exciting, but damned reliable. [Oct 2003, p.117]
	Defiantly sappy, Silence Is Easy survives mostly on Walsh's oddly graceful singing. Unfortunately, the music on the whole is prosaic, even boring at times.
	Problem is, 23-year-old frontman James Walsh remains the same sap. [Jan 2004, p.109]
	James Walsh does have a beautiful voice, but unfortunately, it's not enough to illuminate Starsailor from the shadow of British bands like Travis and Coldplay. [Feb 2004, p.90]
	Another like this and they should consider naming themselves after a different Tim Buckley album--Look At The Fool, for instance. [Oct 2003, p.107]
	Falls into an identikit pattern of string-laden sentiment. [Oct 2003, p.120]
	Sounds like Coldplay covering Barry Manilow.
	Silence is easy, and apparently being boring is, too.
	This is a pompous, blandly histrionic album, faintly monumental in its drabness.
	It's unfortunate that Starsailor worked with Phil Spector to release a commercial album for American audiences. Instead of the minimalistIt's unfortunate that Starsailor worked with Phil Spector to release a commercial album for American audiences. Instead of the minimalist instrumentation present on the first release the structure of songs is more complex and the sound is grander and epic (particularly on Four to the Floor). Sadly the album falls flat on its face and the songs are generally quite boring despite the production of previously brilliant producers. Upon repeated listens however the album seems to improve, but its still a weak release from a great band.… Full Review »
	Much better than Coldplay, great vocals and I love the sound. It's not much of an improvement on the first album, but not by any means a Much better than Coldplay, great vocals and I love the sound. It's not much of an improvement on the first album, but not by any means a disappointment… Full Review »
	fairly boring, fairly one-paced, fairly uninvolving, buy the song silence is easy on single or download but don't bother with the whole album..
	