This 17-track set is a worthy document of Soundgarden's glory days. There's certainly nothing here which hints at a group on the road to self-destruction.
	There's nothing too exceptional about Live on the I-5, but given that this is the first new release from the recent reincarnation of Soundgarden, it's worth a listen.
	Certainly, Live On I-5 proves Soundgarden weren't covered by grand stadium stages. [May 2011, p.125]
	Live on I-5 is still a good, if slightly misjudged and mistimed, effort and, regardless of criticism, Soundgarden finally have a live album to their name, even if it doesn't capture the band at their peak.
	Live On I5 is a visceral, honest live album with little if any studio trickery, but it's clearly not Soundgarden at its finest. [19 Mar 2011, p.52]
	Rather than pat themselves on the back for still being alive, the guys in Soundgarden went on a nostalgia trip, and honestly, it's for the best.
	It is not quite prime Soundgarden; the band is pushing their OK 1996 effort Down on the Upside, and while there isn't much palpable tension in the performances, they're not quite inspired, either. The group is in full-fledged pro mode, hitting their marks with efficiency and occasional power if not much flair.
	It's pretty much a greatest hits album, which conceptually blows an opportunity right off the bat.
	While the album features respectable performances of many of the band's biggest hits-even a diminished Soundgarden can't muffle the power of the almighty "Outshined"-Live On I-5 should have stayed in the dark hole it's been buried in for 15 years.
	The problem is that this was, at best, a 1997 cash-grab that probably would've worked in that economic climate, and now you just get to debate whether it's a cynical move on Soundgarden's part or, more likely, something they had absolutely nothing to do with at all.
	Good live songs but a little unsatisfacted with the list of songs. There are so many songs from Soundgarden that are great live. I wasGood live songs but a little unsatisfacted with the list of songs. There are so many songs from Soundgarden that are great live. I was surprised that Pretty Noose wasn't added on Live on I-5. That was a good hit in '96! The only songs that I would remove are Helter Skelter and the short version of Black Hole Sun. I expected a full great live version of Black Hole Sun. Black Hole Sun was a anthem song for the band and they disappointed many fans. The only song that saved the album is Jesus Christ Pose. A lot of attitude and energy since the band was about to end in the previous year of their Down on the Upside tour. But I'm glad these guys are still together and satisfying their fans. I hope they release another live album and let the fans choose the songs. That would be cool!… Full Review »
	If you weren't around during their glory days . . . this is the album for you! With minimal audience interference, you can easily listen toIf you weren't around during their glory days . . . this is the album for you! With minimal audience interference, you can easily listen to the rawness of each song. There are two special covers and a stripped down, solo version of "Black Hole Sun" with Chris Cornell.You really have to give it to the band for mixing the album in such a way that you can listen to it from start to finish and not even realize that each song was recorded from different shows. Sure can't wait to see what kind of material Soundgarden releases in the near future!… Full Review »
	