Talabot has a knack for capturing the very specific kind of bliss associated with dancing on Mediterranean beaches at the height of summer.
	Fin as an album appears to be the requisite cross-over hit of the year, following in the footsteps of Caribou's Swim and Pantha Du Prince's Black Noise.
	Without a doubt an early contender for electronic album of the year.
	It's a little bit of everything, which is perhaps why ƒIN is such a rich, fulfilling listen.
	A remarkably assured and instinctive piece of work, one that speaks of good times on the dancefloor while not being afraid to throw in more poignant and affecting emotions, all wrapped up in clothing that falls nicely on an ambient blend of disco and house.
	Fin creates a passionate kind of poetry not only in its music but also in its listeners.
	It has the potential to sidle next to records like Movements and We Are Monster as a genre classic, but it's just as assured to find a broader audience as well.
	Bursting with color, nostalgic but never retro, easy-going yet slightly unhinged.
	His slow-burning music ... has serious cross-over potential. [Apr 2012, p.91]
	Talabot's a loop-master who has an extraordinary understanding of texture, soundscape, and manipulation. [Mar 2012, p.88]
	Modestly anthemic and quietly anthemic, ƒIN is worth the time of any music fan that considers themselves in the slightest bit interested in electronic music.
	John Talabot has created an intersection of sound that leaves enough for the listener to discover and decode on their own.
	Despite its patchier moments, fIN's effective command of light and shade make for an involving listen, and it's a sound that's pretty much Talabot's own.
	It's a really, really good record.
	It is often difficult for dance producers to go from making one off tracks and remixes to producing a full coherent and lucid album, but it is a jump that John Talabot has made effortlessly.
	Beautifully composed and beautifully produced.
	The album as a whole abounds with effective, intriguing atmospherics. It's just that, for all its potential, Fin is merely fine.
	There's no distinct personality to be heard, or the kind of dynamic ideas that could give it the ability to totally dominate a room.
	He likes to temper the euphoria with a much darker undertow. [Mar 2012, p.112]
	His blend of house and Eurodisco soon settles into a bland formula of bittersweet Balearic fare. [Mar 2011, p.98]
	I've never been a huge fan of house, but John Talabot has made an album that completely breaks down the barriers that I felt restricted houseI've never been a huge fan of house, but John Talabot has made an album that completely breaks down the barriers that I felt restricted house to begin with.  This is much more than just a dance record.  Fin has a dark undertone to the album, and every song has plenty of shifts and surprises.  The songs blend together beautifully, and every track is unique in it's own way without sacrificing the cohesiveness of the album.  I am a fan of electronic music, and there are certainly plenty of electronic elements to this album.  It's dance music with an emotional punch, which is very hard to find.  This album could be played at a club OR late night/after work when you just want to relax and chill out at home.  Fin (and John Talabot for that matter) came out of nowhere, but I am instantly a fan.  Frontrunner for album of the year so far, and the bar is set pretty high.… Full Review »
	Unlike anything I have listened too, Talabot combines tribal nuances into a mysterious and dark electronic sound scape. Talabots sound isUnlike anything I have listened too, Talabot combines tribal nuances into a mysterious and dark electronic sound scape. Talabots sound is unique, and l the control which he exerts over his progressive rhythms and synthesizers is masterful. My favorite album of the year so far.… Full Review »
	This album is great, it's the kind of record that makes you wish there were more of it's kind. It's immersive, seductive and chill, but youThis album is great, it's the kind of record that makes you wish there were more of it's kind. It's immersive, seductive and chill, but you can also dance to it.… Full Review »
	