The record boasts a huge, smooth production and is considerably more varied and accomplished than its predecessor.
	On "Mad Season" the band serves up another slick collection of R.E.M. and Pearl Jam-influenced post-grunge classic rock tailor-made for ubiquitous radio play.
	Each song isn't particularly interesting or life-changing, but, damn, if every one of them doesn't boast a hook that sticks in your head until you're humming "We Wish You A Merry Christmas" just to exorcise it. For better or worse, this is talented songwriting...
	Matchbox Twenty never claimed to be original or challenging or anything more than a lightweight and entertaining pop band. Which is why Mad Season, with its rather casual and jammy feel, is so surprising, so substantial, and much more satisfying than expected.
	The band's edge has dulled considerably, in spite of guitarists Kyle Cook and Adam Gaynor's best efforts on "Angry" and "Mad Season," but for the most part they're heavily sedated throughout, as are bassist Brian Yale and drummer Paul Doucette, begging the question: Where's the band?
	What lots of people loved about "Push" isn't much in evidence here, but neither is what lots of people hated about it.
	A relatively bloodless album, a work that seems formatted to satisfy the demands of the marketplace without really transcending them.
	The follow-up is an equally passionate, turbulent affair, sounding, oddly, like a cross between Foreigner and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
	Especially in its ballad-heavy second half, mad season feels like the rock equivalent of a chick flick.
	Every song on Mad Season is a production mini-epic.... Under the haywire production are crafty songs.... But when the crescendos surge and the keyboards chime, he starts to sound as unctuous as 1970s cheeseballs from Lobo to Jim Croce to the Guess Who's Burton Cummings. Songs that probably seemed vulnerable as demos have turned greedily narcissistic.
	"Last Beautiful Girl"... would be good enough to inspire a wholesale reassessment of Matchbox Twenty if the material surrounding it weren't so average.
	There's nothing lasting or substantive about the 12 tracks (plus one hidden one) that make up Mad Season.
	This new album... sees them mutating into less of a rock outfit and more of what is commonly called "adult contemporary" -- in other words, music for soccer moms and rich yuppies to play really loud in their BMWs-
	Musically this is the sound of middle America at its most ugly and nauseating...
	Angry (9.25) This is a great song to lead off the album I think. It has great instrumentals. Matchbox Twenty has great rock/pop sounds thatAngry (9.25) This is a great song to lead off the album I think. It has great instrumentals. Matchbox Twenty has great rock/pop sounds that are really great. I love when the chorus hits and the song takes off alot with the cool little use of electronica after the chorus ends for the first time. The back up singers are great to and keep the mood of the album light instead of dark. The main guitar solo is really great as well in the middle end of the song. Black & White People (9) This song has great jazz overtones with the trumpets. This song has a great beat and the chorus is great like in the song before it. And I love how they talk about Black and White in the song. I think this song kind of promotes unity between races and people of different cultures. Crutch (9.25) This is one of my favorite songs on the album because of the catchy chorus. It was really great live when I saw them live and the performance has stuck ever since. The background singers add a great element. Near the middle end of the song the melody kind of changes which is great and there is a good guitar solo near the end and the song finishes off clean. Last Beautiful Girl (9) This song is great to me because it's kind of a hybrid of a love song and a mainstream rock song if that makes sense. The lyrics are delivered at various speeds which makes the song interesting I think and keeps the albums energy up big time. When the tempo switches I always get a little head bob going. If Your Gone (9) In this song, Matchbox Twenty slows the tempo quite a bit and keeps the album very interesting for listener. I think it is a really great song to cope with loss of someone you love. I really like how Matchbox Twenty incorporates the trumpets within the song as well. They change the tone of the song when they repeat the chorus with the trumpets, and it makes it better I feel. Mad Season (9) With this song, Matchbox Twenty switches back to more of an electric sound. I have told I am a little crazy so I really like the title of the song as well. Like usual, the chorus is really awesome and is very stimulating to the ear along with the trademark guitar riff. The quick solo near the middle end of the song with the electric guitar is really great. At the end, the beat cools off to finish the song with good style. Rest Stop (8.5) The fade out from the last song really is incorporated in this track well. The track is soothing and the violins really add to that element. I also think it's really great that Matchbox Twenty uses multiple different types of guitars to really create a great song. The guitar solo is great like in all their songs and I'm glad they follow a good formula to make their songs standout. The Burn (8.5) This song incorporates a minor amount of jazz overtones as well as Piano elements. The three quirky little guitar notes adds a nice little touch to the song I think. The song maintains a conservative approach to the tones generated but it still sounds good I think. Bent (9) This song was one of the singles from the album I believe. The chorus is really good and I love the whole theme behind the song. He probably is singing to someone who he cares about and feels that he is all messed up and he needs help to maintain his sanity. The tempo and tone changes later in the song and makes the song more dynamic I think. The guitar solos in this piece are great as well. Bed Of Lies (9) This is one of my favorite non mainstream songs by Matchbox Twenty. It's because of how unique the sound generated is. It kind of sounds like a contemporary church song I think. I hope I don't offend Matchbox Twenty with that comment. At this point in the album, I am glad it is slowing down and they are really showing their depth of creativity within their minds. Leave (8.5) Another slow paced song near the end of the album which really creates a mood like you are in a jazz lounge or something. The song has a conservative tone which I think is good at this stage in the album. Stop (8.5) I like how Matchbox Twenty picks up the tempo in this song and has minor country tones in the guitar, especially in the beginning. The simple guitar riff is really great even and while the lyrics are pretty simple, it does have a pretty catchy beat. The Piano within the song adds a good element like usual especially how it leads into the guitar solo later in the song. The song finishes with a good strong guitar riff. You Won't Be Mine (8.5) This song is Piano heavy and I like that. The tempo is slowed back down and has heavy jazz overtones in the instrumentals and has strings and some sort of sound from a unknown source which I thought was cool. The sound of this song I thought was a good way to finish off the album. And I also love the length of the track. It kind of represents a song/outro.… Full Review »
	i really enjoyed this record. though it has some miss steps the strengths easily cover them up and man oh man rob thomas vocals are superb.i really enjoyed this record. though it has some miss steps the strengths easily cover them up and man oh man rob thomas vocals are superb. you will also be able to some nice guitar from kyle cook and paul doucette… Full Review »
	I like the ballads and the mid-tempo stuff but the rockers sound overly processed and over produced and don't really "rock" Rest Stop is I like the ballads and the mid-tempo stuff but the rockers sound overly processed and over produced and don't really "rock" Rest Stop is probably my favorite song and is probably the most personal.… Full Review »
	