While Labrinth makes the right kind of noise, and provides a window into himself as an artist, at a fleeting 10 tracks Electronic Earth doesn't exactly give away the farm.
	In the end, Electronic Earth comes off more as a greatest hits collection than an album proper but that's no bad thing.
	Labrinth avoids the most obvious pitfall--he can actually sing--but writing words seems to flummox him.
	This debut from Tinie Tempah producer Labrinth sits comfortably in the Kanye West school of autotuned mid-youth crisis, yet this album isn't without merit.
	Ultimately, however, despite the fizzing electronic undercarriage applied to most tracks on Electronic Earth, Labrinth's real forte may turn out to be the more traditional, earthbound musical skills.
	Labrinth may work wonders in the background, but he's far too anonymous on Electronic Earth to mark his card as much of a solo star.
	Singing, producing and performing his own material, Labrinth has high ambitions but falls disappointingly short.
	Tuneful enough, his debut is an MOR bricolage of prevailing musical styles.
	Despite some filler content, the album was a blast with some exciting tracks and long-term effectiveness. Hope album 2 is as good if notDespite some filler content, the album was a blast with some exciting tracks and long-term effectiveness. Hope album 2 is as good if not better. Honestly this guy is severely underrated.… Full Review »
	I have listened to this album time and time again, it's great. There's a wide, diverse range of songs. Labrinth displays his talent at variousI have listened to this album time and time again, it's great. There's a wide, diverse range of songs. Labrinth displays his talent at various things; producing, singing, playing the guitar and even the piano, it's nice to see a relevant and popular mainstream artist with actual talent. The stand out song was definitely 'Climb on Board'.… Full Review »
	Labrinth on the "Electronic Earth" - which it is his debut album - certainly wanted to surprise the audience with diversity. And what is trueLabrinth on the "Electronic Earth" - which it is his debut album - certainly wanted to surprise the audience with diversity. And what is true - through songs such as "Earthquake", "Let The Sun Shine" or the slightly better "Last Time" can be seen artist's inspirationof dubstep, D'n'B or synth pop - but nevertheless it often seems that the only what saves most of the tracks is R&B vocal.… Full Review »
	