Chaplin, Rice-Oxley and drummer Richard Hughes, chased down something different while still remaining true to their former records. Not only does it work, it provides a valuable lesson for bands that are far too afraid of taking risks.
	The eight tracks and 31 minutes of the Night Train EP/mini-album, recorded during the Pefect Symmetry tour, should sate the faithful. [Jun 2100, p.127]
	As a transitional release, however, Night Train points to an even bigger and brighter future: it mostly sounds like a band happy to enjoy the freedom of chalking up 10 million album sales, and everyone else can take a running jump.
	That toughening process continues on this intrepid eight-song mini-album.
	On Night Train their knack for earworm melodies is hard to fault, but between rap breakdowns from K'Naan and the odd techno noodlings, it can be tough to tell who's at the wheel.
	Overall, Keane's efforts to move beyond pigeonholing succeed more than they fail. [Jun 2010, p.107]
	The music's catchy, sure, and this time round it's undeniably uplifting in both tone and substance, but there's precious little about Night Train that's surprising enough to elevate it out of the realm of song-of-the-moment radio pop.
	The band can still deliver the angsty goods (check out the gusty "My Shadow"), but Keane have proved themselves masters of--gasp!--pop perkiness.
	It’s all very eclectic and a bit unexpected -- two qualities that seem to be Keane’s modus operandi as of late -- but what’s missing is a pop anthem along the lines of “Again and Again” or “Bend and Break,” both of which allowed Tom Chaplin to flex his vocal chops on past albums.
	Whatever the conceit for releasing only eight songs—perhaps they didn’t have enough material or were just eager to release these particular eight tracks—Keane serves up a concise, competent follow-up to Perfect Symmetry (2008).
	'Night Train' has been pitched as somewhere between an EP and a mini album, with the impending fifth to be the "proper" follow up to 'Perfect Symmetry'. For their sake, but mostly for our own, this gifted band need to try a lot harder when it comes to that one.
	Night Train derails due to a lack of the hooks and melodies that made anyone listen to Keane in the first place. The record comes across as less of a change in direction than a full-on identity crisis.
	Like a modern empowered woman, Keane are obsessed with ‘having it all’. Juggling a career, great hair and kids equates for them to making safe, dowdy AOR while giving the finger to those who call them safe, dowdy AOR.
	No matter what their exteriors, Keane still seem incapable of anything other than the most heavy-handed gestures, peddling the same populist mock uplift that leaves you feeling pushed when it's meant to move.
	perfect album experimental..for a try on new things keane do very well jog the collaborations are very good its good to see then beingperfect album experimental..for a try on new things keane do very well jog the collaborations are very good its good to see then being different in each album… Full Review »
	Half of singles were briliiant, but not all songs good ,2 compositions worst in ther professional work,but this experiment ,my point - 7, not awful...
	It's put me off Keane. Sorry, but they've moved away from the sound which endeared me to them. I'm certainly not suggesting that change is aIt's put me off Keane. Sorry, but they've moved away from the sound which endeared me to them. I'm certainly not suggesting that change is a bad thing, though if you're a fan of the earlier stuff then be warned: this direction may not be for you.… Full Review »
	