Humongous hooks. [15 Apr 2005, p.77]
	By getting real, Garbage has produced quite a find.
	There are no real surprises on Bleed, but as a return to the steady Garbage ferocity of old, it's first rate. [May 2005, p.134]
	The first two-thirds of Bleed Like Me is easily the best sustained run of studio Garbage since the opening half of their 1995 debut.
	They sound like just another rock band. The thing is, they're a fine rock band. [May 2005, p.119]
	If Version 2.0 was techno-pop perfection posing as rock, Bleed Like Me is its noisy, long-haired cousin playing metal riffs in the garage.
	While Manson's changeling vocals are always worth listening to, Garbage's songs often aren't.
	They’ve returned to the clamorous, powerchord-packed rock of their debut, with the inevitable result that it sounds fixed firmly by the formaldehyde of fashion in mid-90s post-grunge.
	They come across as a self-contained, insular studio band, with tunes aching to break free of the driving wall of guitars. [May 2005, p.96]
	It's an enjoyable record, but it's hard to escape the nagging feeling that Garbage has painted itself into a corner: they haven't found a way to expand their sound, to make it richer or mature -- they can only deliver more of the same.
	There very well may be a human heart beating at the centre of 'Bleed Like Me', but thanks to the walls of effects and static, it's sometimes impossible to hear it.
	The album is full of big rock guitars anchored to big rock effects, but it somehow never manages either to sound big enough or to rock hard enough.
	An album of contrived power-pop songs that chart the lows and lows of yet another failing relationship.
	Garbage's latest approaches a kind of shimmering technical perfection, but remains strangely, stubbornly uninvolving.
	While 'Bleed Like Me' is easily better than 'Beautiful Garbage', it's still not worth buying. It's recognisably Garbage, but it's unarguably garbage too.
	Much of it signifies nothing. [May 2005, p.96]
	As bland as paint. [May 2005, p.110]
	The absence of memorable hooks and catchy choruses is obvious.
	This is the year of Garbage! This album is exceptional. None of the tracks have anything wrong with them, but major points are 'Bad This is the year of Garbage! This album is exceptional. None of the tracks have anything wrong with them, but major points are 'Bad Boyfriend', 'Run Baby Run', 'Bleed Like Me', 'Happy Home', and 'Why do you love Me'. While it may look as though critics are divided over this album's quality, one must remember that these are only the opinions of 12 people. What ultimately matters is your own opinion, and the simple fact is that people who actually like the band and aren't biased contradictionary morons looking for an excuse to shit on someone- really love 'Bleed Like Me'.… Full Review »
	I love it!  They definitely redeemed themselves after "Beautifulgarbage."  Shirley's vocals are great, and the songs are catchy.  The bestI love it!  They definitely redeemed themselves after "Beautifulgarbage."  Shirley's vocals are great, and the songs are catchy.  The best songs are "Bleed Like Me," "Sex is Not the Enemy", and "Why Don't You Come Over."… Full Review »
	The first half of this album is amazing, well produced and a classic. Around track 7 (Sex is not the enemy) things start to wobble and we loseThe first half of this album is amazing, well produced and a classic. Around track 7 (Sex is not the enemy) things start to wobble and we lose that amazing energy seen in such classics as "Why do you love me", "Bad Boyfriend" and "Bleed Like Me".… Full Review »
	