If I Had The Blues But I Shook Them Loose is the band's Everest, not only do they conquer it with unassuming boyish romance, but they've also created the most poignant anthology of what it means to be young and restless in the city since fellow Londoners Bloc Party's "Silent Alarm"--though they're a lot less frosty than Okereke et al.
	Their supple, smouldering songs take you back to an innocent, pre-Britpop indie era while retaining the thrust of contempories like Bloc Party. [Aug 2009, p.87]
	London rock act Bombay Bicycle Club hasn't been playing together long, but the foursome boasts an impressive sound on debut album I Had the Blues But I Shook Them Loose (released last July in the United Kingdom).
	Although Bombay Bicycle Club can't quite hold a torch to the all-conquering returning Maccabees, they're an armful short of effortless anthems for that, but they prove themselves worthy of operating in their shadow.
	North London outfit from the same school (literally) as Cajun Dance Party, earning high marks for their winsome indie tunes.
	Granted, there's nothing new going on, but their passion fills in the innovation gaps.
	While I Had the Blues is a serviceable debut that doesn't really disappoint but rarely shines, it does suggest that Bombay Bicycle Club have a promising future.
	This is duvet music, offering vague comfort but impossible to feel any excitement for.
	Jack Steadman's shaky voice does scant justice to a dozen songs that, in more adept hands, might have not been squashed at birth. [Aug 2009, p.103]
	There hasn't been quite enough time yet for them to construct much of a unique sonic indentity. [Aug 2009, p.94]
	This is a reasonably strong indie pop/rock debut - its got nice guitar work, nice vocals, good dynamics on the songs, is well recorded andThis is a reasonably strong indie pop/rock debut - its got nice guitar work, nice vocals, good dynamics on the songs, is well recorded and slickly produced and all of this helps bring the raw material up a notch. The songs are only averagely good (as we see with the stripped down follow up "Flaws") but its the shine and the layers put on the songs that make them a success. Opener "Emergency Contraception Blues" is the albums most interesting track and also the highlight of the record. "Evening/Morning" is another nice track. Other than that there are plenty of decent tracks but not many that I come back to repeatedly. There is obviously talent present within the group but the fruit of their labours vary in quality depending on the bands level of focus.… Full Review »
	Although through an initial listen this album can seem slow to ease into its potential, but once you begin to recognize the songs and listenAlthough through an initial listen this album can seem slow to ease into its potential, but once you begin to recognize the songs and listen closely to the words, you will find yourself emotionally invested in this subtly brilliant album.… Full Review »
	I baffled by the critic's low score for this album but then again these are the people who give Ke$ha 78, so what do they know. This album isI baffled by the critic's low score for this album but then again these are the people who give Ke$ha 78, so what do they know. This album is brilliant from start to finish, highly recommended.… Full Review »
	