Bennington and his Dead by Sunrise bandmates (who hail from the electronic rock band Julien-K) also display a deft touch with atmospherics and textures on tracks like "Too Late," "Give Me Your Name" and the goth-tinged "Let Down," among others
	As a whole, Out of Ashes is a solid record and a fine opening volley for Bennington's solo work.
	The album is oddly inert, lacking both the brute force and big choruses that raised Linkin Park to rap-rock godhead status.
	Mr. Bennington strives to sound sympathetic, but after a song or two it’s clear that his only sympathy is for himself; there’s no humility, much less humor or proportion. As real as his prolonged adolescent angst is supposed to be, it quickly curdles into narcissism.
	As a rock star side project, though, Dead by Sunrise has an unlikely fault--it's not nearly indulgent enough.
	Not Freshly prepared but still a worth listening and according to me i will not like to compare this album with linkin park as its not linkinNot Freshly prepared but still a worth listening and according to me i will not like to compare this album with linkin park as its not linkin park its DBS .....................Fire and Into You are great songs… Full Review »
	There seem to be a lot of people out there that just don't get this album and give it a low rating because they either don't see There seem to be a lot of people out there that just don't get this album and give it a low rating because they either don't see its message or are afraid of it. Chester has preempted this and points it out during the course of the record. Mass appeal is not what this album is about, but that doesn't mean it's a niche piece of artwork to be consigned to the failed "side project" bin. Rather, in time it will become respected, important, and have enduring appeal. As a message to Chester and all those out there that do get the message; keep searching for us, and I'll keep looking for you.… Full Review »
	Critics are haters! This album contains all the Chester Bennington we could possibly ask for, even not with his original Linkin Park line-up!Critics are haters! This album contains all the Chester Bennington we could possibly ask for, even not with his original Linkin Park line-up! I hope Dead by Sunrise gets back together soon and comes out with another and many more albums!… Full Review »
	