They've done it here, and Bitte Orca is close to a masterpiece.
	The only thing Dirty Projectors' fifth album leaves me wishing for is a fifth rating star to wedge in.
	Over nine indispensable tracks, Bitte Orca forges a more perfect union between eccentricity and accessibility.
	Here, it stands behind so many other newly apparent strengths--a testament to the leaps and bounds Longstreth has made as a songsmith and Dirty Projectors have made as a band.
	Somehow the band makes it work, though, pulling all those disparate sounds together in a unified style that's all the more glorious for its strangeness.
	While still retaining that exacting focus that has made Dirty Projectors the unplaceable enterprise that it is, Bitte Orca is merely the sound of an extremely talented group of musicians tweaking and, to an extent, reinventing their approach, stepping a little further away from left field.
	Weird but exhilerating outing from Williamsburg Hipsters.
	In an era of scripted and calculated music, the fly-by-the-seat-of-their-pants Dirty Projectors thrill at every blind turn they barrel through. [Summer 2009, p.65]
	The result is the most thoroughly engaging entry in the Dirty Projectors catalog and one of the most singularly engrossing albums likely to be released this year, a triumph in sustained creative restlessness.
	Despite its wandering parts and spacious production, Bitte Orca is a precise groove, almost medical in the way it delivers its complexity with such simple terms. [Spring 2009, p.100]
	Bitte Orca signifies something exciting and all too infrequent in popular music: striving for a sound that doesn't have a definite audience.
	Bitte Orca is the kind of album that is best taken from start to finish, where the songs and musical themes are allowed to grow, endear and impress.
	Not only will you hum snatches, you'll parse lyrical bits, too: a basement-dwelling twentysomething high on Gatorade in an underpopulated housing development, a waitressing job for Solange Knowles.
	Clever, original, complicated, sometimes frustrating but more often revelatory, it will, given time, uncover its manifold delights.
	Longstreth's prickly surface belies a bright pop center: tart, sweet, and gushing all at once.
	Bitte Orca isn't a record that'll reduce many to tears, except perhaps of awe. But when something's so astonishing in every other respect, we can allow for that.
	The 2009 Projectors have adopted a more enjoyable model, thanks in part to Longstreth holding back that horn.
	Via the fluttering sketches of David Longstreth's early solo releases and 2007's remarkable Black Flag quasi-tribute album, Rise Above, they arrive at this confounding, beautiful record.
	Bitte Orca is an unorthodox listen; racking your brain and melting your heart all in the same instant, and that is something to appreciate.
	This is fresh music, making exciting shapes with primitive resources, and though some will find Longstreth's keening bleat and bravura deconstructions show-offy there are constant flowerings of devastating prettiness, and when all the singers blare in unison the beauty they summon is almost overwhelming. [Jul 2009, p.100]
	Bitte Orca is made of nine distinct and powerful songs, and perhaps that is what makes it more inviting than earlier albums.
	David Longstreth isn't quite trying to make things easy for his listeners on Bitte Orca, but there's far too much pleasure in this music for its eccentricities to put off anyone who is open to its gleeful, eclectic, internationalist heart.
	Still, as a whole, Bitte Orca feels nothing less than a modern equivalent to Talking Heads' Fear Of Music or Scritti's Cupid & Psyche 85 –art-rock with intellectual rigour, borderless curiosity, and no fear of the mainstream. Pop, by any other name.
	Many may not have the patience to follow its somersaults. Those who do will be richly rewarded. [Jul 2009, p.121]
	As relatively good as most of Bitte Orca is, 'Stillness Is The Move' alone gives us reason enough to be optimistic: should Longstreth pursue his newfound fascination with mainstream music further, it's proof that the Dirty Projectors are capable of evolving into a far better pop band than their experimental selves ever let on.
	Ultimately Bitte Orca is definitely a pleasing follow-up; it just isn't necessarily the supreme breakthrough many had hoped for.
	Their seventh album remembers to add tunes, and is thus less baffling than before.
	It's at once attention-deficient and micromanaged, exhilarating and aggravating.
	The thing that really sucks about Bitte Orca is that the guy is probably onto something pretty good, but his allegiance to cleverness rather than consistency fucks it up.
	For the past two years, I still come back to this album.  Why?  Because it is completely brilliant.  Everyone song is incredible, atmospheric,For the past two years, I still come back to this album.  Why?  Because it is completely brilliant.  Everyone song is incredible, atmospheric, dense, accessible, and beautiful.  For those who criticize lines like "Quench me like Gatorade" would usually be an adjudicating decision, but it somehow works and sounds fresh coming from David Longstrenth.  The guitar parts on "Temecula Sunrise" and "Two Doves" really sends it over the edge plus the fantastically organized yet slanted obscurities that are the vocal harmonies.  What a talented group of musicians.  can't wait for the next installment!!… Full Review »
	Album of the year. Absolutely gorgeous. It's like being transported to a strange and wonderful planet. I haven't heard anything so Album of the year. Absolutely gorgeous. It's like being transported to a strange and wonderful planet. I haven't heard anything so splendid in years. If you're not into music that's a little "out there", you're excused. Otherwise, dive right in and enjoy!… Full Review »
	One of the better albums of the last few years. Each song is wonderfully constructed, with changes in tempo in most of the songs that keep theOne of the better albums of the last few years. Each song is wonderfully constructed, with changes in tempo in most of the songs that keep the songs fresh and rewarding while listening. I don't ever expect this album to become stale and I fully expect to return to this album when I want to hear something different. Experimental Rock at it's finest.… Full Review »
	