This fine, fine album (quite possibly the finest of year) signals that the White Stripes have arrived. Hype or no hype, this is a band of significance...
	White Blood Cells doesn't veer far from the formula of past White Stripes records; all are tense, sparse and jagged. But it's here that they've finally come into their own, where Jack and Meg White finally seem not only comfortable with the path they've chosen, but practiced, precise and able to convey the deepest sentiment in a single bound.
	The White Stripes' songs are so strong, so deliciously simple, it's genius.
	It sounds exactly how an underground sensation's breakthrough album should: bigger and tighter than their earlier material, but not so polished that it will scare away longtime fans.
	Make no mistake about it, The White Stripes are the real deal, and if they can continue to kick out the jams as they do on White Blood Cells, everyone else would be well advised to get the fuck out of their way.
	The White Stripes are a great rock and roll band, and White Blood Cells a suitable coming-out party.
	The Detroit duo spin sordid tales and lovelorn drama with just the right amount of restrained percussion, blooze picking and screaming confessionals. [Sep 2001, p.93]
	It trades in the Robert Johnson and Dolly Parton covers that go over so well live for more of singer/guitarist/keyboardist Jack White's hard-blues, garage-rock originals.
	The only twang on the record is the sound of strings breaking as Jack attacks his guitar. [Sep 2001, p.104]
	The White Stripes can create an ungodly amount of noise, and it opens White Blood Cells by doing just that. But it makes some of the most memorably melodic ungodly noise on the market.
	Few other performers have electrified country blues to such plaintive and non-parodic effect since the heyday of Led Zeppelin. [Sep 2001, p.100]
	Their sonic ingenuity enhances even the most basic garage-rock templates. [Sep 2001, p.122]
	While a few songs aren't quite as fleshed out as others, nearly every selection on White Blood Cells provides the sort of bluesy good-time kicks otherwise unavailable in today's pop marketplace.
	By delivering pert '60s-esue pop numbers with a twangy drawl, and by playing rockabilly riffs on torchy blues odes, Jack and Meg balance their divergent influences well.
	Though nothing new -- instrument-wise -- is added to the mix of drums, guitar, and piano, the White Stripes' recipe cooks up heavier overall on White Blood Cells, while still retaining some of the cheeky, barroom brashness that has become their stock in trade.
	Their worst album so far.... Too much of the album ("Expecting," "Aluminum," "I Can't Wait," "I Can Learn") wallows in an odd, crusty hard-rock haze.
	Started listening to White Stripes from their last album backwards (got into them via Icky Thump). It's hard to find any real flaw with WhiteStarted listening to White Stripes from their last album backwards (got into them via Icky Thump). It's hard to find any real flaw with White Blood Cells. Plenty of likable tracks through out and it's very enjoyable listening all the way through. It's definitely worth buying.… Full Review »
	This album really leaves you speechless at how great it sounds. You don't hear albums like this everyday, as White Blood Cells defines who theThis album really leaves you speechless at how great it sounds. You don't hear albums like this everyday, as White Blood Cells defines who the White Stripes are really. Key Tracks: "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground", "Hotel Yorba", "Fell in Love with a Girl", "We're Going to Be Friends", "This Protector"… Full Review »
	Absolutely brilliant album. For most bands, a masterpiece like this would be their best album but Elephant makes this band an exception. JackAbsolutely brilliant album. For most bands, a masterpiece like this would be their best album but Elephant makes this band an exception. Jack White is one of music's biggest genius's and White Blood Cells was the first clear representation of that… Full Review »
	