As long as they continue to compose such memorable material, there is more than enough room for Mono in the post-rock pantheon.
	Songs like "16.12" are so captivating, you'll barely notice they're over 10 minutes long. [Dec 2004, p.162]
	By far the most engaging album yet from Mono, Walking Cloud proves that the band is an entity unto itself.
	The quiet/loud, quiet/loud thing has been going on for a long time now, and while Mono has things in common with everyone from Mogwai to the aforementioned groups, they're definitely one of the better bands I've heard doing this in a while.
	Mono have wisely restrained from directly replicating their previous sound, but here the band has sacrificed sonic heaviness for intellectual ponderousness, and too often has fallen prey to slow, repetitive, tiresome songwriting patterns and a frustrating lack of variation.
	Too bad they bring nothing new to the fold. [Dec 2004, p.118]
	The disappointments of Walking Cloud are really quite perplexing, given Mono's limited but impressive history and the promise of their collaboration with Albini. Still, if it fails to live up to the heights of One Step More and their debut Under the Pipal Tree, it has its share of moments.
	Mono singlehandedly redefines the concept of dynamics. They are very quiet, and then very loud. It will hurt your head.
	Incumbent crescendos and contemplative guitar interludes notwithstanding, Mono has chosen to cloak itself in the inescapable fog of its forefathers and influences rather than transcend the sum of its parts.
	The result is like listening to the next (or any) Mogwai record. [#7]
	There's absolutely nothing wrong with Mono, but bands such as Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Explosions In The Sky do it better. [Aug 2004, p.116]
	Lacks the clarity of some of Mono's earlier work.
	I concur with the sentiments expressed thus far. Mono is not Mogwai. And if you have had the opportunity to see both live, you will realize I concur with the sentiments expressed thus far. Mono is not Mogwai. And if you have had the opportunity to see both live, you will realize that they are quite different. (Both are great live, but Mono is much more energetic than Mogwai live.) As for the album, it is a beautiful album that conveys a level of emotion that is missing in much recent post-rock. Also, upon repeated and closer listens, one SHOULD realize that Mono's compositions are original and, while clearly similar to Mogwai, Explosions, Godspeed, etc., quite different in subtle and important ways.… Full Review »
	I'm have it on repeat almost all the time.. great cd! and i also think that One step more and you die is a great cd too.. if you like I'm have it on repeat almost all the time.. great cd! and i also think that One step more and you die is a great cd too.. if you like Mono you should try One step more and you die.. but Walking cloud is better...… Full Review »
	I don't get the pan job done on this record by the critics. It's absolutely gorgeous and to say that bands like Mogwai do it better I don't get the pan job done on this record by the critics. It's absolutely gorgeous and to say that bands like Mogwai do it better is ludicrous. They may HAVE done it better, but right now bands like Mono and Explosions in the Sky are far more interesting than Mogwai is now. Hopefully some people will listen a little more closely and with more of an open mind.… Full Review »
	