Section80 may not be a sacred text but I've got the feeling that in five years it may just prove to be prophetic.
	It's said that Lamar's goal here was to prove himself capable of standing alone. Well, in certainly one of the greatest critical understatements written, he's done it.
	Just when you're thinking not bad at all, come some songs.
	Like a young Ice Cube, he's only telling us what he sees, and while he might not offer solutions as often as O'Shea did, he's certainly able to paint us vivid a picture.
	The album is still a must-have any true hip-hop head, and it is certainly a promising release from the young emcee, but just don't go in expecting an easy, feel-good listen.
	Section.80 proves is that its author's brain is neither lost nor useless, as he weaves together carefully constructed thoughts before spewing raps on each of the project's 16 tracks, ensuring nothing is disposable or without purpose.
	This 23-year-old may have been searching for answers, but that journey allowed him to find one of this year's most outstanding albums with Section.80.
	Self-serious flaws and all, Section.80 still stands as a powerful document of a tremendously promising young guy figuring out his voice.
	Along with the heady lyrics on cuts like "Rigamortus," makes .80 worth the visit. [5 Aug 2011, p.75]
	The record crams a ton of sonic and thematic ideas into a small space and yet show almost no visible stitches. [Oct 2011, p.66]
	He doesn't quite sell the thesis that that's the point.
	He is an awesome rapper, indeed. But in 10 songs of this 16 track album he doesn't show that. He makes it relatively good with the great songsHe is an awesome rapper, indeed. But in 10 songs of this 16 track album he doesn't show that. He makes it relatively good with the great songs (e.g. Keisha's Song, Rigamortis, HiiiPoWeR) but the album isn't any more than a 6, so. Some stuff on here is pretty disappointing, nothing is bad, but as I've listened to 'good kid, m.A.A.d city' first, I am disapointed with this former release. Anyway, Kendrick Lamar is one of the best rappers of our time, the lyrics are really good but as I said, many tracks disappointed me.… Full Review »
	Since the release of this album, I have heard/seen multiple people call Kendrick Lamar, "the next 2pac". This is a false statement, becauseSince the release of this album, I have heard/seen multiple people call Kendrick Lamar, "the next 2pac". This is a false statement, because Kendrick Lamar is the next Kendrick Lamar, and the only one at that. The only comparison I would make, is that he too gives a voice to his generation. His ear for production is quite astounding, and his lyricism and flow are both jaw dropping. Lamar dwells on a variety of subjects, most notably the Reagan Era, and the crack epidemic that occurred in his decade. There is no denying that in the matter of a few short years, this will be looked back upon as a classic, and I will surely have no arguments towards that.… Full Review »
	This album will most likely be considered a classic in times to come, and it will be one because this album is simply amazing. My favoriteThis album will most likely be considered a classic in times to come, and it will be one because this album is simply amazing. My favorite tracks are  your Ethnicity", "Ronald Reagan Era", and "HiiPower".… Full Review »
	