Generation Freakshow is still an impressive return to form from a band whose members sound revitalized and determined to prove they're not a spent force.
	The good far outweighs the bad here, and with Generation Freakshow Feeder have created another strong addition to their mostly impressive back catalogue.
	Generation Freakshow is more mature, more considered, and less noisy, but it's nonetheless got Feeder stamped all over it.
	It's a more anthemic, traditional and radio-friendly Feeder that greets is on their eight album. [Apr 2012, p.77]
	An album that could have built on the promise of the last, and instead dilutes it in an almost certainly vain pitch for chart success.
	The keyboards are the same tones, the chords are similar intervals, the vocals are heartfelt without the lyrics really saying anything, and perhaps most tellingly they don't deliver the goods on a pop hit to rival 'Buck Rogers'.
	Even the album's most compelling moments... aren't strong enough to save it. [May 2012, p.98]
	Their eighth studio album, and second on their own label, is another solid, if uninspiring, set.
	A triumphant return to a more accessible sound for the ageing Welsh rockers. Don't heed the lazy 'this album will only appeal to fans of theA triumphant return to a more accessible sound for the ageing Welsh rockers. Don't heed the lazy 'this album will only appeal to fans of the band' reviews - this is a solid album for which sales will sadly reflect the lack of media attention, rather than the quality of music on offer.Highlights include the sing-along 'Borders', Jon Lee tribute 'Hey Johnny', hard 'n' heavy 'Headstrong' and anthemic 'Sunrise'. Worth purchasing the iTunes version for 'Miles Away', which complements the standard edition tracks nicely.… Full Review »
	A solid return to form for one of my favourite bands after the unstable Renegades album. If you enjoyed Pushing The Senses or Silent CryA solid return to form for one of my favourite bands after the unstable Renegades album. If you enjoyed Pushing The Senses or Silent Cry (which I did thoroughly), chances are you will enjoy this album. The best song for me is 'Sunrise' which consists brightly-tinged guitars combined with the catchiest Feeder chorus Grant has written since 'Buck Rogers', except this is ten times better. Other highlights include lead single 'Borders', touching 'Quiet', enthusiastic 'In All Honesty' and epic new single 'Children Of The Sun'. Definitely worth a purchase for any fan of alternative rock - especially seeing as it's Amazon's album of the week for only Â£4.99!… Full Review »
	Feeder has showed with Generation Greakshow are able to grow with their age. Unlike other rock bands who still behave like they were when theyFeeder has showed with Generation Greakshow are able to grow with their age. Unlike other rock bands who still behave like they were when they started, Feeder has grown and made a strong melodic album which is able to statisfy their old and younger fans. Often compaired with a light version of bands such as Coldplay and Kings of Leon, Feeder is much more, and they deserve much more credit for their incredible work with Generation Freakshow.… Full Review »
	