It's not too ambitious to suggest few other releases this year will match its grace, humanity and power.... A magnificent album.
	Just plain beautiful... carefully harmonized vocals and pellucid guitar hooks that rarely lapse into merely languid melodies. [2/16/2001, p.98]
	Low have always sought to make music that can both swell the heart like a gospel tune and capture the amplified absence of a funeral parlour. It's difficult to imagine a more perfect expression of their vision than this.
	Measuring out grief and resilience with a steady hand, these are the best songs of Low's quiet career. [Feb 2001, p.98]
	Low has crafted a recording that exceeds its own high standards of creativity, harmony, and subtlety.
	Low is the heaviest band in rock. [#48, p.100]
	Things We Lost in the Fire's slowly rising warmth and subtly hopeful tone not only make this Low's most cohesive, compelling collection, but one of 2001's best albums.
	It's impossible to discern whether Mimi Parker's newfound assertiveness as a harmony singer was inspired by, or the inspiration for, this more aggressive batch of songs, but it's this record's signal grace. [Apr 2001, p.158]
	Low's original stark minimalism has gradually given way to a broader sonic range, without sacrificing their strangely accessible otherness. [#204, p.68]
	Sparhawk and Parker's boy/girl vocals, Low's overall light instrumentation, and their minimalist approach to compostition all blend to produce an exquisite lethargy that's as haunting as Damon & Naomi's music. [#153, p.78]
	The voices are front and center throughout, but the trio has wrought its most elaborate frames for them yet: brass, strings, and distorted guitars amplify the songs' sentiments and reinforce the cumulative strength of their melodies.
	Things We Lost in the Fire finds Low enamoured with harmonies, drawing from such disparate sources as Swans, the Beatles, Wire, and Simon & Garfunkel.
	Low continues to create beautiful music.
	Low proves enormously versatile here, exploring musically and maturing lyrically.
	Things finds Low's measured atmospherics and gentle melodies further enhanced by layers of instrumentation -- for instance, cello, violin, piano, mellotron and trumpet. Moreover, it finds the band's melancholy and affecting textures coalescing even more into traditional song structures.
	Things We Lost in the Fire's high points are, without question, the best they've done.
	Probably the best indie drone rock since Galaxie 500 put the Velvets jangle to hypnotic use (although Low reach even greater peaks of elegant sublimity). [#4, p.106]
	Low's most accomplished album yet, if not its most creative.
	As unhurried and sonically majestic a slab as Low has ever produced.
	For each misstep (like the relentless snare drum on the opening track "Sunflower") there are moments of sublime beauty like "Laser Beam," which feels more like a prayer than a song.
	Seriously mellow, seriously good record from Low. Probably the best slowcore album you'll come across. The first 4 tracks are absolutelySeriously mellow, seriously good record from Low. Probably the best slowcore album you'll come across. The first 4 tracks are absolutely brilliant. The middle section has peaks and troughs while the final section is consistently good stuff again. It's not for everyone - I'm sure some people will find it a bit dreary but when you listen to this up close it's got some stunning stuff on it.… Full Review »
	A very lovely album.
	one of the best low albums i've heard! It grabs you by the throat.
	