Quite possibly the best sample record ever made.
	The Avalanches have managed to build a totally unique context for all these sounds, while still allowing each to retain its own distinct flavor. As a result, Since I Left You sounds like nothing else.
	A charming, witty pastiche of mashed up samples, beats, bangs, and bobs.... Truly a breakthrough in the world of dance music.
	There's little doubt to Since I Left You's status as one of the most intimate and emotional dance records that isn't vocal-based.
	'Since I Left You' is proof that while being a vinyl junkie might not make you a teen idol, crafting a joyous, kaleidoscopic masterpiece of sun-kissed disco-pop definitely will.... Cool? Sure, whatever. Brilliant? Undoubtedly.
	Since I Left You is so madly glad, it's demented. [Oct 2001, p.126]
	That smile will have a difficult time leaving your face.
	It obviously has its high points and moments that drift a little more, but The Avalanches are definitely onto something with the release.
	Everything sounds like it's been triggered by hand and mixed on the fly, practically improvised yet brilliant in scope. [#32, p.54]
	Since I Left You fuses dozens of different styles -- and over 600 lovingly reconfigured samples -- into one riotously enthusiastic, awesomely seamless whole. [May 2001, p.116]
	It's a kaleidoscopic ode to the joy of music, and it's the most exciting debut album since Mos Def's Black on Both Sides.
	'Since I Left You' is nothing short of stunning.... There's more imagination in this hour-long odyssey than most sample-based artists manage in their entire career. Not since DJ Shadow's 'Endtroducing' has an album showed what you really can do with a bunch of old vinyl.
	Since I Left You is as much of a revelation now as Primal Scream's life-changing Screamadelica was a decade ago.
	Good luck trying to keep your head from spinning around like Linda Blair.
	One of the most joyous and poignant party albums ever. [Feb 2002, p.74]
	A record that finally fulfils sampling's original promise of generating fabulous new sounds from skilfully lifted bits of existing tracks.
	Their sound is remarkably fresh, for the kaleidoscope of samples from as many eras as vinyl has existed not only add musical credibility, but also add a depth to this extremely fun album. [May 2001, p.80]
	When the technique works, the results are exhilarating. [9 Nov 2001, p.111]
	A record this layered and quirky is easier to make than it was when Prince Paul first started cutting up old 45s (case in point: the Wiseguys), but to do it well - keeping intact an aesthetic that threads together all these disparate sounds - is true talent.
	Spinning a zoo of samples redundantly, song after song, can only amuse the most blissed-out of stoners...
	Luckily, the album has an easy-going air that lifts it out of the realm of smart-guy assemblage and into sexy, summery territories.
	Deep, yet accessible due to its fun, melancholy nature. The best of its genre, with its sheer variation keeping you listening again and again.
	Just listen to Frontier Psychiatrist, Since I Left you, and Electricity. Then, try to tell me that this album deserves anything less than aJust listen to Frontier Psychiatrist, Since I Left you, and Electricity. Then, try to tell me that this album deserves anything less than a perfect score.… Full Review »
	Normally, I don't give out 10's but... This record reminds me of when the TV and the Radio was worth listening to. It reminds me of lying downNormally, I don't give out 10's but... This record reminds me of when the TV and the Radio was worth listening to. It reminds me of lying down on the couch with the sun's rays through the curtains of your house. It's a small, maybe medium place, but it's your own house, your property and you love it. This record reminds me of the only thing good about summer; the mood it puts on everything else. In short, I love this album.… Full Review »
	