Their most accomplished and least anxious record yet. [Nov 2006, p.182]
	As emo-tastic as Threes is, it merely sizzles in ways their debut singed. [Oct 2006, p.128]
	Sparta... sounds like a beast that's broken its chains and is fighting between the road ahead and going back from whence it came.
	Recall[s] a punkier U2. [27 Oct 2006, p.72]
	Call it diversity; call it inconsistency; whatever. Moving in some direction is half the battle. [#22, p.93]
	It's clear Sparta have finally come into their own.
	If Sparta have been damned thus far as the weaker of ATDI's progeny, let it be so no longer.
	There's mammoth hooks and meaningful shouting galore here. [Jul 2007, p.116]
	The group is a conglomeration of influences that, while pleasant enough, doesn't rise above being anything more than a mixing board of cool-sounding favorites.
	Sparta have evolved, with a melodic approach and a postdepression, fist-pumping attitude. [Nov 2006, p.104]
	The newest incarnation of Sparta has that “trying too hard” sound to it, a sound that’s careful and measured, a sound that sounds just a little too bound to the studio for a rock band.
	Threes is their most average album yet, sounding similar to their two previous full-lengths but lacking the confrontational loudness of Wiretap Scars or the precision of Porcelain.
	Where Amputechture is directionless but at least clever about masking its influences, Threes is directionless and completely predictable.
	The truth is, even Angels & Airwaves do this sort of epic-emo thing with more verve, if not more Verve. [#73, p.96]
	A nearly unlistenable, shiny mess of weepy college rock.
	This album is brilliant! I don't know what the critics are on about but I can't find a song on that album which iI don't This album is brilliant! I don't know what the critics are on about but I can't find a song on that album which iI don't love!! Sparta ROCKS!… Full Review »
	Flawless & full of depth. Dark in its tone, but easy on the spirit. I could not recommend it more.
	This one took me a couple listens, but I enjoy it every bit as much as thier previous two, excellent album!
	