Sounds and ideas repeat constantly, yet Street Horrrsing never feels redundant.
	It's not quite straight-up noise, and it's certainly not dance music, but if you like a bit of both, this debut from Fuck Buttons should make you a bit giddy.
	It’s just the fucking jam, like some pulsing late-night bliss-out in front of a detuned television set whereupon everyone just sits on the couch exhausted but loving it.
	Though far from flawless, removed from any brouhaha Street Horrrsing sees Fuck Buttons carve their own niche and not only produce a debut record that will claw at any prejudices over its 40-minute span but show up their drone brethren as too often resiliently stuck in the mud.
	Street Horrrsing  is a six-track, 50-minute melange of iridescent synths, psychedelic drone, distorted vocals and tribal rhythm, peaking with the deftly layered counter-melodies and blissed -out propulsion of epic single 'Bright Tomorrow.' [Mar 2008, p.113]
	While Street Horrrsing may never scratch the surface of the mainstream, it is going to make an indelible mark on all those interested in ground-breaking underground music
	Using familiarity to its advantage, this duo is smart to refine its palette, making even the most migraine-inducing compositions seem like comforting lullabies.
	The key is a rhythmic edge--be it tribal drumming or waves of sound--that trip these rainbow drones into full-on euphoria. [Apr 2008, p.94]
	Street Horrrsing is, to your dad's ears (unless your dad is Lou Reed), a whole lot of noise. But what virtuosic, complicated noise it is.
	Street Horrrsing is an intelligent, singular and original release with few flaws.
	Fuck Buttons have put together an entirely unpredictable journey of sound here, and it masterfully lends itself to the group’s intentions of mixing light and dark.
	Despite the use of repetition and layering, Street Horrsing's sonic make-up is often unpredictable, which is where their strength stems from. [Apr 2008, p.57]
	There are moments, however, when Hung and Power lock into something truly ecstatic, creating passages that more than account for the tremendous amount of pre-release hype that’s been softballed toward these two.
	Sure, Street Horrrsing doesn’t overtly delineate any new sonic set, but its execution and relative brevity reflect highly on these two venerable artists.
	Fuck Buttons has widened its scope, both musically and emotionally. [Spring 2008, p.82]
	This is a great record but is very often hit or miss.
	The album backs up its momentous tone, but builds too few moments.
	When they ease back on the overdriven electronic intensity, Street Horrsing works tribal, tracelike wonders. [Apr 2008, p.98]
	Street Horrrsing is a solid if still flawed album full of enough cool moments to satisfy anyone who might be interested in checking it out.
	It's actually good, despite the at-times-admittedly obnoxious vocals and long stretches of repetitive beats!
	This album is simply spectacular, not made for easy ears. Instead, you could try with Tokio Hotel.
	Good album, it really draws you in. Obviously it's not too everybody's taste, you need to like drone and noise. I also see people Good album, it really draws you in. Obviously it's not too everybody's taste, you need to like drone and noise. I also see people complain about the screams.. personally I love them.… Full Review »
	