The album is Westerberg at his extremes. [#7]
	Rough-and-tumble folk rock with a winning--if self-conscious--DIY approach. [17 Sep 2004, p.76]
	Raw and revealing.
	There's a disarming simplicity and artlessness... with an increased emphasis on persistent pop melody over crafty wordplay.
	Marks a major leap along the road to recovery. [Nov 2004, p.96]
	Folker may not be the definitive answer to devotees' prayers, but it is a notable addition to his oeuvre.
	It's hard not to walk away with the feeling he's capable of better than this.
	Pleasant but alternately catchy and bland.
	Sounds sometimes Dylan and most of the time Starbucks. [#12, p.102]
	It only reveals its strengths after a dozen or more plays. [Nov 2004, p.112]
	The lyrics on Folker make the tripe in Westerberg's early solo material... read like T.S. Eliot. [Oct 2004, p.144]
	A poorly-recorded collection of lazily-written songs recorded by an artist whose muse deserted him long ago. [Oct 2004, p.131]
	It's amazing how much this album grew on me over the course of a year or so. It feels so natural and uncalculated, (forget It's amazing how much this album grew on me over the course of a year or so. It feels so natural and uncalculated, (forget self-consciously ramshackle!), and over time the vocals seem to become clearer, the guitars more purposeful, the melodies more memorable (the drums just as off!). As Far As I Know and What About Mine? are beautifully-conceived songs, but for me it's How Can You Like Him? and Gun Shy that bring about tears of joy that a human being can create and communicate such startling emotion through music. The man is frighteningly good.… Full Review »
	This one is a grower.
	I would give Stereo/Mono and Come Feel Me Tremble each a 10. Having said that, Folker has some gems and some filler, where the previous two I would give Stereo/Mono and Come Feel Me Tremble each a 10. Having said that, Folker has some gems and some filler, where the previous two records are end-to-end marvels. Gun Shy and My Dad are my favs. If you're just getting to know Paul, I wouldn't suggest this as your first purchase. With regards to the DIY stuff getting old (from a prior post), get used to it - he's not going back to the old way.… Full Review »
	