Their best, most expansive album. [#8, p.112]
	Even after one listen it's apparent that 'Untouchables' is a monster of a record.
	It's sort of beautiful in its ugliness, a metal record lovingly buffeted by details and white noise.
	'Untouchables' is a record that grows spikes with each listen and is by turns exhilarating, confusing, inspiring, embarrassing and astonishing.
	Their darkest, most impenetrable record yet--the aural approximation of staring down a mine shaft at midnight. [Jul 2002, p.75]
	The riffs are cleaner and catchier than on previous records. [Aug 2002, p.126]
	By cutting away some of the fat and finding new ways to deliver their trademark roar, the members of Korn manage to offer a strong and lean album that maintains their place as innovators in a genre with few leaders
	The song, sentiment and anger remain the same.
	With his background in both trailblazing funk and hard art-rock, producer Michael Beinhorn helps Korn's vicious rhythm section pound harder while expanding the band's higher frequencies with electronics and symphonics, even as its famously down-tuned guitars buzz away.
	Nothing here explains the reported $4.5 million budget. [28 June 2002, p.142]
	Untouchables ends up heavy on stadium rock bluster, with precious little of the musical texture and intricacy that made Follow the Leader one of the few transcendent albums of its genre.
	I have been a KoRn fan for already three months, and i canÂ´t say their records are very good (except for a few) but this one isI have been a KoRn fan for already three months, and i canÂ´t say their records are very good (except for a few) but this one is different. It may be heavier than their other albums, and itÂ´s very probable that you wonÂ´t understand anything until the tenth time you hear it, but itÂ´s worth enough. Untouchables is a Heavy/Industrial/Alternative/Whatever Metal album, long and full of strength. Since the amazing Grammy-awarded Here to stay and the epic Thoughtless too the depressive ballad Alone I Break ItÂ´s a modern classic.… Full Review »
	A low 9, accompanies Korn's most produced and dynamic effort that vastly improves with each listen. There is enough depth and innovation hereA low 9, accompanies Korn's most produced and dynamic effort that vastly improves with each listen. There is enough depth and innovation here to keep the band at the top of their genre. 'Make Believe', 'No One's There, fan favourite 'Thoughtless' and 'Here to Stay' make a point in proving that despite their bashing in popular culture Korn are very capable of creating a superb and imaginative piece.… Full Review »
	There's real, actual talent shown throughout the entirety of Untouchables that seems to be overlooked by some. It's Korn's best work and itThere's real, actual talent shown throughout the entirety of Untouchables that seems to be overlooked by some. It's Korn's best work and it really shows. Highlights include "Blame", "Hollow Life", "Hating" and "No One's There".… Full Review »
	