In wedding bluegrass with the Appalachian sound of her youth, Parton, who wrote half of the material and reprises her classic ''Down From Dover,'' repeatedly explores her favorite theme -- romantic betrayal -- and turns in a powerful performance, augmented by the best of bluegrass' hot pickers
	Dolly Parton has at last returned to her musical home and, boy, are the neighbors ever grateful. That "home," of course, is Kentucky bluegrass music and the melancholy acoustic strains of the Appalachian Mountains.
	Little Sparrow contains some of the most beautiful and affecting music Parton has ever made...
	Little Sparrow mixes its trad tendencies with tunes, lovely instruments, and best of all, Parton's personality.
	Her taste in cover material is slightly idiosyncratic, but that does nothing but add luster to the program...
	Surrounding herself with the cream of Southern bluegrass musicians -- dobro master Jerry Douglas and guitar prodigy Bryan Sutton among them -- Parton is by turns reflective ("Little Sparrow"), playful ("Marry Me"), dolorous ("My Blue Tears"), spirited ("I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby") and spiritual ("In the Sweet By and By") on this nearly hour-long modern-bluegrass tour de force.
	Little Sparrow captures one of country's greatest talents in top form, backed by some of the best acoustic players around...
	Joined by a bevy of bluegrass talent, including Jerry Douglas, Chris Thile, and Alison Krauss, Little Sparrow is a richly wrought, beautifully performed labor of love for Parton.
	This of course is the power of mountain music, the weight it gives to simple instruments and simple folk, and for all of Parton's talents, singing in this medium may very well be her best.
	Little Sparrow proves that 1999's The Grass Is Green was no fleeting burst of inspiration; Parton hasn't been so consistently exciting since the '70s.
	You don't remotely need to be a Dolly Parton fan to love this -- anyone who appreciates appalacian or Bluegrass will love this (and You don't remotely need to be a Dolly Parton fan to love this -- anyone who appreciates appalacian or Bluegrass will love this (and maybe even if you don't). This is just a really good sample of early american music with a breath of fresh air.… Full Review »
	a beautiful bluegrass album, sorrowful, and raw in parts, joyful and silly in others. Strongly feminist in her own right, Dolly's a beautiful bluegrass album, sorrowful, and raw in parts, joyful and silly in others. Strongly feminist in her own right, Dolly's haunting voice echos in this hymn to the different faces of love.… Full Review »
	This is a fantastic album from Dolly and has her at her best. The pure clean sound and haunting melodies are sure to enchant. Highly recommended. +
	