On their fourth full-length, the Used have delivered not only the definitive album of thier career, butarguably one of the best records you'll hear in 2009. [Sep 2009, p.109]
	The Used have taken the best elements of their previous releases, refined them and delivered the strongest album of their career.
	The Used pushes boundaries with the frenetic lead single 'Blood on My Hands,' whose video features McCracken as a gleeful, blood-soaked vigilante. But the song doesn't so much reinvent the band's sound as amplify it. Other tracks like 'Sold My Soul' and 'The Best of Me' highlight the Used's knack for crafting brutal yet crowd-pleasing anthems.
	Hooks never mattered to the Used anyway, so having a higher grade of execution helps underscore the Used's point, which ironically just makes the whole thing uglier and harder to take.
	Peeling off much of the outfit’s Utah-bred oddness and emotive chaos, the album is a clear ploy at breaking through to a more pop-inclined audience.
	He delivers overheated poetry like "As history gets lost and as I took that final breath, I felt alive," and his bandmates rock like shiny Satans.
	Turgid even for the genre, Artwork will make you hate yourself for singing along with tricky standouts like 'Empty With You.'
	After sampling the tasteless, bland delights of Artwork though, I can't imagine many will.
	This album has a case in which I enjoy every song except for one. In this case, I enjoy every song except for Born To Quit. I also sort ofThis album has a case in which I enjoy every song except for one. In this case, I enjoy every song except for Born To Quit. I also sort of enjoy the "gross pop" style they were going for. Which is why this album gets a 9/10… Full Review »
	The Used began their career in promise with Bert's voice being distinctive and their sound interesting and more complex than some of theirThe Used began their career in promise with Bert's voice being distinctive and their sound interesting and more complex than some of their peers. Flash forward 7 years and Artwork is the sound of a band running on fumes of its own energy. Here arrives the over-production sin of a band whose work has been decreasing severely with each release until we arrive at this- an empty, archaic record from a movement which has long been extinguished.… Full Review »
	The Used have been my favorite band for a long time now, and I can honestly say they are without a doubt the most talented song writers ever.The Used have been my favorite band for a long time now, and I can honestly say they are without a doubt the most talented song writers ever. Their lyrics are incredible and have helped me get through some of my bad days. I think every album they have done is great (I know all of them by heart) and I will always cherish any music they do.… Full Review »
	