Largely extraordinary... They write ornate and soaring conversational love songs, full of heart, bittersweet observation and unashamed street-level Englishness.
	There's something appealing about their brand of music with its light, sunny harmonies and direct choruses.
	Textbook soft rock. [Jul 2006, p.111]
	There are mooments... when you get the feeling The Feeling will soon achieve more. Or rather, MOR. [Jul 2006, p.97]
	[They] are so busy trying to be Supertramp they've forgotten to add anything of themselves. [3 Jun 2006, p.35]
	Relentlessly bland and bourgeois, "Twelve Stops And Home" sounds like the product of focus-group analysis.
	Quite simply, this record is the devil's spawn incarnate.
	I do question why many of the reviewers would even have picked up this album in the first place. It doesn't try to be any thing other I do question why many of the reviewers would even have picked up this album in the first place. It doesn't try to be any thing other than a bunch of hooky and sometimes reflective pop songs, every one lovable in its own way. It surely only appears pretentious to the pretentious! Not cool but it is fabulous.… Full Review »
	Very enjoyable pop music. Feel My Little World in particular is a standout for me. Definitely does not deserve its current mediocre rating. Very enjoyable pop music. Feel My Little World in particular is a standout for me. Definitely does not deserve its current mediocre rating. If you actually like to just listen to music, this is an excellent album.… Full Review »
	this is quite simply the worst excuse for a band I have ever heard, the songs sound like they were written by a tone deaf 12 year old who this is quite simply the worst excuse for a band I have ever heard, the songs sound like they were written by a tone deaf 12 year old who listened to a few too many nursery rhymes as a child, I love it when you call sounds like it is a novelty record such is my surprise that anyone would actually buy it. I am staggered they have fooled so many people into thinking that this can even be passed off as music let aloone something emotional or inspiring. who buys this shit? I would rather rip off my own ears and replace them with salted peanuts than be forced into listening to this shite - this sort of crap sums up what is wrong with the music industry at the moment… Full Review »
	