Incredibly, 'Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots' is a record that can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with 'The Soft Bulletin', refining that album's themes and defiantly charging into unchartered musical territories. Another masterpiece.
	Even by their standards, Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots is astonishing.... Plainly, this is music abnormally alive with possibilities.  [Album of the Month, Aug 2002, p.96]
	A perfect synthesis of modern studio manipulation and old-time pop craftsmanship, shattering all notions of what pop music can, or for that matter, should be.
	The measured use of electronics recalls nothing so much as OK Computer, and in some ways Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots sounds like that album might have if Thom Yorke believed in God.
	If Yoshimi.... lacks the sheer shock value of Bulletin's panoramic delirium, its peak moments are enough to make it one of 2002's most rewarding releases. [Album of the Month, Aug 2002, p.92]
	After fifteen years of continually blossoming brilliance, the Flaming Lips can count themselves among the most essential American bands in rock history.
	Smartly packaged pop that's as slick as Stereolab, but human enough--thanks to Coyne's earnestness and sincerity--to malfunction in all the right places. [Sep 2002, p.77]
	Endlessly listenable and almost invariably mesmerizing, Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots piles on layers of production prowess without drowning out the beat of its human, humane heart.
	Funny, beautiful, and moving, Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots finds the Flaming Lips continuing to grow and challenge themselves in not-so-obvious ways after delivering their obvious masterpiece.
	'Yoshimi...' sets yet another benchmark.
	Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots is a bold and inventive work, brimming with ideas and sublime moments of brilliance. But it's also unfocused and top-heavy.
	Songs like "Fight Test" and "Do You Realize" have various tics--but they're so sweet-souled that such sins are easily forgiven. [19 July 2002, p.74]
	It almost seems like the Flaming Lips has regressed a little, structurally and rhythmically speaking.
	Anyone else tries this, it'll be like being force-fed Sunny Delight by a battalion of pastel-pashmina'd Pokemon on My Little Ponies. In the hands of The Flaming Lips, with their stellar inventiveness and inquisitive sweetness, it's just utterly noble.
	As strange as it is wonderful.
	Yoshimi isn't the end-to-end triumph that was 1999's The Soft Bulletin.... But the production is equally ambitious, with burbling electrobeats underpinning sci-fi orchestrations that sound like the brainchild of Esquivel and the Orb.
	The whole affair feels a little slighter, a little less important.
	A gently involving and moving album, Yoshimi could be the negative image of Radiohead's Kid A: the sound of a rock band using electronica to make music that's inclusive and warm instead of icy and aloof. [#8, p.114]
	This is one of those exquisitely rare records on which maturity and vitality are equally matched. [Aug 2002, p.127]
	Simply the Flaming Lips doing what they do best, which is being beautifully weird and loving every minute of it.
	The lyrics are often corny and thin.
	Where The Soft Bulletin was an intricate assessment of rock's potential, Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots is merely a rough sketch of a new musical direction.
	Granted, the Lips can still be innovative, but for perhaps the first time in their storied career, their creativity feels familiar and predictable.
	While the group has done a great job of incorporating even more digital tricks and unique sounds into the mix, they've somehow managed to create a slightly more sterile environment.
	Listening to Coyne retreat behind the faux-Power Rangers horror-movie shtick he's created here is puzzling and ultimately disappointing. [#55, p.73]
	While appreciating Yoshimi for its merits poses little problem, actually enjoying it is more difficult.
	Yoshimi has its moments, but it sounds like leftover brilliance from its older, better brother, padded out with filler to make a new album.
	an incredibly beautiful album. Fight Test kicks things off strongly and the music never weakens. Yoshimi is catchy, mysterious, mesmerizing,an incredibly beautiful album. Fight Test kicks things off strongly and the music never weakens. Yoshimi is catchy, mysterious, mesmerizing, and so much more. I find it almost impossible to compare this to, frankly, anything... The Flaming Lips arrive officially with this effort.… Full Review »
	Yoshimi has already made history and I am truly happy that louds of people will discover it for itâ
	What are Flaming Lips? In this record they are a band playing in a dreamlike universe made of childhood aspirations and sterling naivety, aWhat are Flaming Lips? In this record they are a band playing in a dreamlike universe made of childhood aspirations and sterling naivety, a band experimenting with plastic beats and gummy sounds without forgetting that the core of all music are emotions, a band that studied psychedelic music and updated it.… Full Review »
	