One of the few albums that deserves its Pitchfork-generated hype. [Jul 2006, p.204]
	It should not take the seasoned listener too long to grasp that Serena Maneesh transcend the narrow boundaries of shoegaze.
	By marrying the subtle ethereality of bands like MBV with the swashbuckling pomp of a modern-day Iggy, they are a band at once single-minded and confused.
	These aren't 11 songs so much as 12 blood-riling arguments.
	Sure, this speaker-frying style has been done before, but rarely with such confidence. [12 May 2006, p.83]
	Serena Maneesh injects the Warhols' toothy, cocksure swagger [into] the lush, narcotic insularity of My Bloody Valentine and Ride.
	It's remarkable that it should all feel so cohesive, given the album's roller-coaster tendencies and overall messiness, but Serena Maneesh manage to put considerable craft behind their mess. [#12, p.93]
	Just don't dip into the album fleetingly - it's music that's hard to appreciate in snippets, but more than satisfactory when devoured as a whole.
	Shoegazing in origin, barn-storming in conclusion. [24 Jun 2006, p.43]
	Serena-Maneesh sounds like the kind of record many bands spend their entire careers trying to create.
	One of the most intriguing walls of sound since My Bloody Valentine circa Isn't Anything. [Jul 2006, p.97]
	The Oslo five-piece flirt with overindulging their feedback fetish... but avoid wankery by reining in the songs just before boredom sets in.
	What truly makes this album stand out is the group’s sense of control.
	The group maintains its own modern, unique sound while capturing and reimagining the familiar. [May 2006, p.95]
	Unfortunately, the opener is really the musical peak of this self-titled disc and as the album slowly slumps toward its egotistically long final track, listeners will probably have already tuned-out.
	Sure, there's a formula at work here, but it doesn't feel forced.
	At the end, S-M is still a silly tribute band, years away from hoeing a unique row. But when musicians crank out such a joyously chaotic mess of someone else’s forced nostalgia, it’s hard to be mad at them.
	There are interesting moments... but too often they're smothered in a formless buzz of guitar, samples, voilin, harmonica--you name it. [Jul 2006, p.87]
	my first impression of this record was that its just another shoegaze act, but after a couple of listen, this groups really has a sound of my first impression of this record was that its just another shoegaze act, but after a couple of listen, this groups really has a sound of their own even though they will never get away from the mbv comparisons. the album really has a very rock anthem feeling and its simply grand in some parts. these guys push things and just when u think they cant push anything futher they do. Candelighted is an unbelievable track with gorgeous arangements followed by a crash rockout of beehiver II. dont come down here is elegant dream pop and the 12 minute ender is a good closer that highlights the bands range. great first record for a group.… Full Review »
	Sounds like more upbeat, energetic MBV. I like this album a lot, it's not amazing but it's definitely good :D
	Excellent. Very close to a masterpiece. It's true that classifying it as shoegaze is debateable. It's so much more.
	