All retro rock should sound this good. [22 Apr 2005, p.62]
	Overflows with heart and hooks. [May 2005, p.116]
	In less than five minutes it's clear the group has a sad edge and sensitivity lacking from its cartoonishly arrogant peers.
	It turns out that "Jerk It Out" is just the tip of the iceberg for these savvy Arctic rockers. [Aug/Sep 2005, p.130]
	Every song is designed to be played loud and sung along with even louder.
	Wedged into Tigers' delicate array of Byrdsian pop, "Jerk It Out" will either feel like the album's solitary moment of ecstasy (couch potatoes, we're talking about you!) or an annoying distraction in the midst of a solidly assembled set.
	The remaining songs are uniformly well crafted, but they aren't necessarily going to please the people who come looking for more of the old "Jerk It Out" magic.
	Paper Tigers proves the Caesars are capable of releasing more than one memorable track.
	The Caesars adopt a bombastic, arena-friendly brand of Sixties revivalism recalling that of... The Soundtrack Of Our Lives. Fortunately, the Caesars are good at it. [5 May 2005, p.74]
	You love your iPod, so you'll like this album, at least the Bowie-esque parts. [May 2005, p.92]
	The generous would suggest this is the album Oasis should be trying to make; the cynical that it's a collection the Inspiral Carpets did make over a decade ago. [7 May 2005, p.66]
	It isn't until the latter half of the album... that they find their own voice, and one that delivers deliciously sugary powerpop. [Aug 2005, p.102]
	By the halfway point, it becomes too easy to zone out and for the music to fade into the background.
	Ultimately, it's a flimsy album; though it's pleasant enough as background music, upon closer listening it falls apart.
	The band sounds tentative, afraid to step on any toes and too eager to please everyone, shortchanging themselves in the process.
	Paper Tigers is one or two decent singles surrounded by a bunch of mediocre-or-worse filler.
	The songs on Paper Tigers are waifish, white-bread, cliché-based ditties that deserve to have every nonexistent nuance carelessly overlooked, the listener satisfied in knowing that those unexplored depths remain uncharted simply because they contain abysses of nothing.
	Some rather ordinary, slightly tuneless indie rock. [Jul 2005, p.112]
	I am probably the only person on Earth that loves this album as much as that, but it grows on me. The more I listen to it, the more I love I am probably the only person on Earth that loves this album as much as that, but it grows on me. The more I listen to it, the more I love it. I have had this album for over than a year now and everytime I listen to it I love it more and more. The best song is definitely The Winter Song, it makes me sad evrytime, especially since winter is coming now in my part of the world. Every song has its own identity, and they all rock. A solid ten because I love this album, really. It will stay in my top ten favorite albus of all time in my heart, that's for sure.… Full Review »
	the most humiliating thing an artist can do. it's the last scream before total death. maybe american idol would take her for auditons
	while there were songs on this album that would be considered filler, for the most part this album has much depth and a good catchy retro rock sound
	