while the album may be about the band's View from the Bottom (whether that be career woes, the loss of a friend, or the bottom of a shot glass), as the title of the rousing set closer implies, Lit definitely got it "Right This Time."
	While predictable mall-rat anthems in praise of partying, one-night stands and nocturnal hi-jinks now come with a cathartic edge, their first album in almost a decade feels frustratingly shallow. [Aug 2012, p.104]
	They've not skipped a beat, picking up where they left off. [30 Jun 2012, p.54]
	The majority of the album sounds like generic radio rock. [Jul 2012, p.98]
	Expect polished fare awash with slick harmonies, clean guitars, heavy drumbeats, giant hooks and an unadulterated wall of gleaming pop.
	Their ballads now get choked up over bygone glory days, while their Gary Glitter and Bryan Adams riffs sound re-purposed for sports and strip bars.
	As a huge fan of the band for over 14 years now, I have to try and not be biased when writing this review. I've been listening to the CD forAs a huge fan of the band for over 14 years now, I have to try and not be biased when writing this review. I've been listening to the CD for almost a year. In fact, since the day of release, I've put it in my car player and it hasn't come out since. I am still not tired of (most) of the songs! The CD starts off intense with C'Mon, which I consider to be one of their finest songs ever, both lyrically and musically.The second absolute highlight is when track number five comes up: The Broken.The triumphant Nothing's Free makes me want to sing along and turn the volume up every single time it comes up, even when I'm in bad moods. Right This Time closes the album off nicely and on a positive note, which seems to become a tradition for the band, as their previous album, the self-titled from 2004, did something similar.Next to these outstanding songs, most others are just plain good. The up-paced Same  Different Drink, Miss You Gone and You Did It, but also the slower songs: She Don't Know, The Wall and Here's To Us. This last one is a tribute to former drummer Allen and it's a beautiful message. My least favorite song is probably Partner in Crime. The first few weeks I really enjoyed it, but I have to be honest that it gets old pretty soon. A "flaw" that not many Lit songs have had over the years. Don't look for Lit to give you innovating music with fancy bells. In 2013, Lit does what they've been doing forever: They make honest rock music and play kickass live shows. Here's to hoping they'll never stop!… Full Review »
	Great Album, they've taken an almost 8 year break from making any new music due to several tragedies including the death of their drummer.Great Album, they've taken an almost 8 year break from making any new music due to several tragedies including the death of their drummer. Most "Professional" reviewers are the same ones that give people like Justin Bieber and Lady GaGa pefect scores of 10's on their albums, so why listen to them about this one when they give it 5s and 6's? Give it a try and Itunes for free if your not sure if you will like it. There old albums are also all amazing.… Full Review »
	