Foregrounding the self-doubt that was a quiet but insistent subtext on the eponymous album, producer John Shanks provides unobtrusive arrangements and lets Phair strum more electric guitar; this is a singer-songwriter record, like Exile On Guyville. It’s also warmer than its predecessor.
	Another brazenly varried set. [Oct 2005, p.142]
	On Somebody's Miracle, Phair is more confident than on her previous mass-appeal bid, 2003's Liz Phair.
	Phair sounds mostly bored. [7 Oct 2005, p.76]
	Most tracks have a commercial sheen that makes the songs sound like they were custom-made to be played in the background of pivotal scenes on The O.C.
	This album is closer to 1998's whitechocolatespaceegg: mature and complicated. [Oct 2005, p.136]
	[It] isn't a miracle by a long shot, but the highlights show signs of a once-valuable artist trying to reset her creative compass. [2 Oct 2005]
	Pleasant but dull.
	Phair doesn't need her angry-girl persona to prove she has talent, but she may still need it to stand out from the crowd.
	While Somebody's Miracle marks an improvement over Liz Phair, there's still nothing revolutionary, or even memorable, happening here.
	Somebody’s Miracle is a collection of pleasantly catchy, if unremarkable, pop songs.
	What's disappointing about Somebody's Miracle is not so much a matter of genre, tone or production sheen, but that Phair has made herself indistinguishable by falling in line. [#11, p.112]
	If she still manages to retain a major label recording contract after this bomb, that'll be the real miracle.
	On Somebody's Miracle, she goes for a folksy, acoustic style, but she still oversings, holding notes too long and tackling pop choruses she doesn't have half the voice for.
	The CD is not all bad, and it's certainly not the complete disaster some critics want it to be.
	Even the few noteworthy moments are lost in the banality of the music. [15 Oct 2005]
	Now this is a terrible Liz Phair record.
	The type of banal, greeting-card rubbish that even Diane Warren would probably find trite.
	Liz Phair the self-titled album alienated most of her fans. Now she's decided to mix the quieter moments of her old album with Liz Phair the self-titled album alienated most of her fans. Now she's decided to mix the quieter moments of her old album with whitechocolatespaceegg(her third album) and Sheryl Crow and this is dull and stale. At least Table For One's lyrics are awesome.… Full Review »
	It gets better with each new listen. She sounds much more comfortable than on her last album. To me, this is a transitional album - far from It gets better with each new listen. She sounds much more comfortable than on her last album. To me, this is a transitional album - far from the Avril-like songs, going back to her best chick-with-a-guitar-and-good-lyrics moments. The John Shanks-produced numbers ("Count on my love", "Everything to me") are filler, but "Wind and the mountain", "Table for one", "Somebody's miracle" and "Everything (between us)", among others, are simply amazing.… Full Review »
	Having been charmed by her in a restaurant where I met her while she lived in Chicago and having loved the first three CDs, I can't Having been charmed by her in a restaurant where I met her while she lived in Chicago and having loved the first three CDs, I can't totally bash Liz. I know she needs to make a living. The irony is that the last two records of pabulum haven't sold much better than the first three. What's the point of selling out if you aren't selling?… Full Review »
	