Akron/Family merge shifting, sometimes impressionistic arrangements with limpid lyricism. The result is an elusive -- but strong and deeply fascinating -- debut.
	This debut will not be the record of their career and leaves me wanting more already, but it is the right record at the right time and a stupidly profound and convincing debut that is up there with the best releases of the year thus far.
	Conjures images of an organic commune in an alternate galaxy. [Jun 2005, p.164]
	Despite the boundlessness of their instrumentation, Akron/Family maintain remarkable warmth... playing at restrained volumes that invite close listening.
	In a perfect combination of inspired production, innovative instrumentation and transcendent songwriting, Akron/Family is a richly layered and flowing album that is as emotional as it is challenging.
	Blending the real and the imagined, live performance and tape manipulation, traditional instruments and skewed found sounds, Akron/Family carves an eccentrically lovely niche for itself in the ever-expanding psych-folk landscape.
	Akron/Family is John Brown's body, the ghost of Tom Joad and the art-school spirit of Andy Warhol crammed into one ornate, mossy mausoleum. [#68, p.100]
	Immaculately interwoven electronics and the care with which each beautifully recorded track unfolds recall Chicago post-rock. [#254, p.53]
	The biggest pleasant surprise here, though, is the vocals.
	Intriguing, endearing and, given time, surprisingly addictive. [Jun 2005, p.104]
	[It] is largely unfettered by the dictates of genre. [Jul 2006, p.106]
	Akron/Family has definite talent, but less forced naturalness, tighter song structures and greater emphasis on appealing harmonies could only help the group in its quest to conquer the known musical universe, or, at the very least, the corner organic foods mart.
	Best album of 2005.
	amazingly dynamic and eerie album that, despite it's often upbeat southern feel, can inspire me to dreams of the strangest and deepest things.
	This is easily the best release of 2005 so far; a vastly underrated "debut." Check out "Running, Returning," and "Lumen," these are the best This is easily the best release of 2005 so far; a vastly underrated "debut." Check out "Running, Returning," and "Lumen," these are the best cuts. But they're all good so I command you to buy this!… Full Review »
	