The whole record plays like a best-of sampler--not just for Paisley, but for the history of the art form.
	Horny for his wife but not horny enough, loving her like she's leaving because he thinks that might help, his songcraft is undiminished, and he remains the smartest and nicest guy in his world.
	Paisley's determination to keep This Is Country Music lean and lanky does mean it's not as wily as his other records, but his consummate skill as a musician and big heart are always evident, always keeping things compelling.
	His Stetson, clean-cut good looks and Music Row polish might grate with alt.country fans, but his classily understated writing turns mawkish sentimentality into affecting art.
	When folks start calling you the greatest country artist of your generation, you'd better deliver. This Is Country Music does.
	The song [This Is Country Music] encapsulates Paisley's status as a premier upholder of traditional country within a contemporary framework, and the 15 songs that follow confirm that status.
	Brad Paisley, having been raised on traditional country music, is one of a handful of contemporary stars who could title an album This Is Country Music (with all that the title implies) without raising more than a few eyebrows.
	Paisley's at the top of his game – but he's capable of better than this.
	Even when the album isn't up to Paisley's typical standards, This Is Country Music is still an interesting, ambitious project from a man who need not apologize for the things he does awfully well.
	Brad Paisley's thematic 10th album embraces all of what country music is today--its soul, its vivid storytelling, and, yes, its genre cliches.
	This Is Country Music still has a lot of what keeps Paisley at the head of the contemporary country class, but with several of the 15 songs merely competent, it could have been 30% stronger with a 30% edit.
	This is a great album in the way that he makes a statement about what country music is. He is a great singer and advocate for what countryThis is a great album in the way that he makes a statement about what country music is. He is a great singer and advocate for what country music really is,and has an excellent voice that can make you feel many emotions throughout a song.… Full Review »
	Naming your album This Is Country Music takes a lot of guts that not many current country stars could pull off,but Brad Paisley rises to theNaming your album This Is Country Music takes a lot of guts that not many current country stars could pull off,but Brad Paisley rises to the challenge and passes with flying colors. Whether it's Commercial Country,Pop Country,Classic Country of even Bluegrass,Brad makes sure he touches base with every country sound there is.There's the clever take on Alabama songs Old Alabama,and the seriously catchy Working On A Tan which also has a little Beach Boys vibe to it.The other great up tempos include Be The Lake,Don't Drink The Water(with Blake Shelton),Camouflage and Toothbrush. There's also some classic soppy Brad ballads, such as New Favorite Memory and Love Her Like She's Leavin' with Don Henley providing some awesome harmonies.Plus the standout power ballad Remind Me with Carrie Underwood.This song will easily be in the run for Song of the Year!Brad also touches the heart with A Man Don't Have To Die and the heart breaking One Of Those Lives,both will leave you thinking.He rounds off the album with the Bluegrass themed Gospel song Life's Railway To Heaven. This album is an all round example of what real Country music is all about.This will satisfy long standing Brad Paisley fans and introduce new ones.THIS is country music people! Favorite songs: This Is Country Music, A Man Don't Have To Die, Remind Me, Love Her Like She's Leaving.… Full Review »
	