Jaar's emotional honesty is not without lenses though, and, just when you think he's going to address the listener directly, he draws on electronic music's endless sound possibilities to clutter and even drown voice, rhythm and melody with spontaneity and a young dreamer's aimless drift.
	Space Is Only Noise is not a perfect album, he could have done without the fillers, but it's a perfect listening experience.
	Space Is Only Noise might be one of the most ear-opening techno records in recent memory.
	This teetering restraint masks the true weirdness of Space Is Only Noise. I could understand someone finding the intensely self-contained Space a bit claustrophobic, but the album is most rewarding when you just grab a seat at the table.
	Space is Only Noise is delivered with an impressive restraint, especially for a debut LP and from an artist of Jaar's age, its songs warm and dense whilst seeming full of negative space, gentle and humorous whilst threatening claustrophobia.
	Jaar assembled the disc from several years' worth of recordings -- he's relentlessly productive -- but it has a conceptual unity that makes it feel like the product of a single burst of inspiration.
	Jaar attempted something ambitious with this album--it stands apart, even if it never risks a whole lot. Space Is Only Noise is unique, but also a work of modesty and, for an album that samples French poetry and is rarely danceable, it's unpretentious.
	Jaar, the son of conceptual artist Alfredo Jaar, can weave a heady spell, presenting himself somewhere between David Byrne and Ricardo Villalobos. [Jun 2011, p.85]
	Jaar has struck gold here. [Apr 2011, p.104]
	Only on the title track's cavernous '80s-era bass synths does Jaar come close to being conventional. [Apr 2011, p.105]
	Space Is Only Noise might occasionally overstay its welcome, but it's mostly an intriguing, excellent listen from a very promising young producer.
	It is unnervingly delicate, endlessly distracting and ultimately addictively tactile as it sneaks under your skin.
	Space Is Only Noise is a paradox. It's a dance album that can't be danced to, a lounge album that you actually want to listen to, but most importantly, it's an electronic album with emotion.
	An album to escape in.
	Such is the exquisite control he holds over his music, his vision evident even in the weakest moments of Space Is Only Noise.
	The concept is great, this artistic minimalist album is one of the best of 2011, (a great year for music), Nico give us unique sounds  thatThe concept is great, this artistic minimalist album is one of the best of 2011, (a great year for music), Nico give us unique sounds  that can´t be even compared with others, is dense, weird but in a excellent way, He is a unique visionary, this album is the prove.… Full Review »
	This album is less a collection of songs and more an experience, and a truly magnificent experience at that. It is like nothing you've everThis album is less a collection of songs and more an experience, and a truly magnificent experience at that. It is like nothing you've ever heard and a must listen for everyone.… Full Review »
	This review contains spoilers, click full review link to view.
        
A beautifully textured, airy, and oddly amusing sonic adventure, that keeps a nice mellow intensity and yet explores new territory on every track.  It's a grower, unless you can distinguish just how wonderful some of the field recordings, vocal manipulations, and the subtle instrumentation are.  At 21 years old, Jaar cements himself a truly fantastic debut.… Full Review »
	