The mind-boggling intricacies and moody, broody sound-sculpting on tracks like Pen Expers find Autechre zooming off, leaving their followers eating cosmic dust. [May 2001, p.110]
	Confield, Autechre's sixth full-length and its best release since 1997's Chiastic Slide, may also be its most ambitious.
	Confield promises elegant production, accessibility in moderation, and one of the most enveloping, thought-provoking listening experiences to come forth from leftfield this year.
	Confield not only documents the future of IDM; it also cements Autechre's name in the pantheon of sonic visionaries. [Jul 2001, p.63]
	Essentially more surgical sonic detritus, it is Autechre nuanced, minutely reprocessed and at the top of their game.
	Confield presents one of the purest approximations of "machine music" we've heard yet. It's profoundly unsettling, but that's half its beauty; it's a sonic Frankenstein that refuses to let its plug be pulled.
	Autechre are mulching electronic music, letting their code sweat and rot in the heat. In doing so, they set off a complex ecological process that is interesting to watch, if not always pretty to listen to. [#84, p.105]
	A series of six-minute tracks that set some sort of richly (or ripely?) spastic texture-beats against ethereal drone-shimmers. [Aug 2001, p.136]
	It's kind of a mess in places.
	They've all but abandoned 4/4 grooves, discarded bass as an inefficient distraction and fractured their beats into splintery beatlets that detonate in flurries. [Jun/Jul 2001, p.105]
	It's hard to describe this album and give a review. All I can say is that it gets better with time and you never fully appreciate this albumIt's hard to describe this album and give a review. All I can say is that it gets better with time and you never fully appreciate this album at his best because each listen there is something new. Though, I would say this has to be the most elitist music in the world, meaning that only a few could listen and enjoy it.… Full Review »
	The IDM duo's breakthrough release is absolutely hooking, with layers of ambiance and carefully detailed beats, Autechre is able to create aThe IDM duo's breakthrough release is absolutely hooking, with layers of ambiance and carefully detailed beats, Autechre is able to create a sonic landscape of electronica that will remain the baron of their discography for years to come.… Full Review »
	I listened to this while i was having a vacation in Manzanillo, Mexico. It was 2:00 a.m...one of the most beautiful moments of my life,I listened to this while i was having a vacation in Manzanillo, Mexico. It was 2:00 a.m...one of the most beautiful moments of my life, inspiring, complex, I was astonished, hypnotized. Confield is one of the best albums in the history of humankind. No exaggeration.… Full Review »
	