Sex Dreams And Denim Jeans is catchy, fresh-sounding and brilliantly self-referential, with an attitude a million miles removed from a major label star pretending to be like, totally, OMG, mental.
	Talent burns through old-skool rap bangers, ferocious electro body-poppers and teary teen anthems – never a dull moment, never an irritating frat-girl with a “bottle of Jack”.
	Did Ke$ha bite her steez? Who cares? There's always room for another party girl.
	Raw, sparse, low-key, vocodered hip hop.
	Applying Auto-Tune to her deadpan rapping, she anticipated the sound that helped make Kesha’s “Tik "Tok" an international hit in 2009. Now her debut album, Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans, has to play catch-up.
	Uffie’s long-delayed debut looks to be filled with excitement, but rarely has an album sounded so unconcerned.
	The Miami-born, Paris-based socialite subsequently wastes most of her somewhat-dated debut album boasting about MySpace friends and fiddling with torturous, Ed Banger-produced synth pop.
	There are decent Ed Bangery beats and samples dotted about but for an artist whose talents seem designed around her rhymes, it's hard to be too enthused when they include nuggets like: "These are the best crackers I've tasted for a long time – can you put some cheese on it for me?"
	Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans really should have been released a couple of years ago when Uffie was at the height of her fame. She should have struck while the iron was hot. She’s missed the boat completely now.
	Without Pop The Glock's digitised vocals Hartley sounds like a karaoke version of '80s rapper Roxanne Shante. [Aug 2010, p.126]
	I want to say “you’ve gotta hear it to believe it,” but there’s too much good music out there to waste your time on the bad--let alone the bad that knows it’s bad.
	this album is pretty good and pretty retarded at the same time. I listen to the whole album and i like the songs and at the same time i hatethis album is pretty good and pretty retarded at the same time. I listen to the whole album and i like the songs and at the same time i hate the songs. This album is horrible and good at the same time. Bad song writing but good songs. For some reason the songs are good. I think she could be a better rapper if other people write her stuff. The songs on the album gets tiring real fast. Listen to a song on this album about three time and you will get tired of it.… Full Review »
	