By the dazzlingly innovative and heartfelt record's end, the band has worked in a bit of everything it has to offer, and offered it with winning sincerity.
	The album is a melting pot of so many brilliant musical perspectives, which could only be channelled by a band with a gleeful, wide-eyed fascination with the possibilities of their music. And they succeed in their knowing but expertly-delivered goal: to sound like no other band out there.
	The Dirty Projectors' best album by a mile holds that balance, all magnificent wobble, no collapse.
	Wild, wooly, and willfully chaotic.
	Swing Lo Magellan affords generous breathing space to Dirty Projectors' music: a context in which new levels of unpretentious eloquence positively flourish.
	There is so much to both genuinely appreciate and enjoy on Swing Lo Magellan that it makes you wonder why these have to sometimes be exclusive ways to experience an album.
	Dirty Projectors still get itchy at the prospect of sleek surfaces, and their uneasiness is a thrill to behold.
	The band's least ornate batch of songs to date builds upon Longstreth's most direct and identifiable lyrics ever. Which means that Dirty Projectors have upped their emotional and structural accessibility all at once.
	The channel still churns on Swing Lo Magellan, but Longstreth has built sturdy songs with solid foundations here, trapping his confusion in a container.
	Sometimes brilliant, often infuriating, it's a must-check nonetheless.
	The Dirty Projectors are still fantastic weirdos making fantastically weird music, but Swing Lo Magellan humanizes them by letting you see through to their heartstrings.
	The band certainly doesn't sound one hundred percent confident (or even comfortable) moving into more accessible territory, but their fidgetiness results in one of the most intriguing listens of the year.
	Every element is given space to shine--a nice break from the overproduced bedroom-recording sound that's become standard in indie rock.
	It's the sound of Dirty Projectors just being themselves and fully justifying the royalty status Longstreth and Co. now enjoy.
	The source of Swing Lo Magellan's charm, for it truly is a charming collection, is that it's a record that doesn't try be anything other than exactly what it is.
	It may not be for everyone, but it's evidence that there are still some restless minds out there.
	On the band's gorgeous sixth album, there's a new directness to the songs.
	Swing Lo Magellan is an album that will break hearts, bring joy, and deliver emotional notes that few others could.
	What really shines through the most on Magellan are the qualities that can be obscured when all the attention is paid to Dirty Projectors' obvious proficiency and omnivorous tastes: their enthusiasm and love for music. No matter how weird and challenging things might get, there's a feeling of joy that's palpable in the songs here.
	Swing Lo Magellan packs as many different ideas as ever into a new set of songs while offering perhaps the clearest and most satisfying picture yet of what the band is about.
	It's pretty f***ing awesome.
	For the first time, Longstreth's words offer real value rather than verbose decoration. [Aug 2012, p.81]
	This is an album that seems to spring from an indoor world of cerebral textures and bedroom experiments, a headphone odyssey for an era in which the rock gig has become a corporate-sponsored burlesque.
	These are some of the most challenging songs in the band's catalog, yet they're more approachable than ever before. [Aug 2012, p.88]
	The result is an album that is far less-crowded than previous works and one that, on the whole, feels suitably bucolic.
	Swing Lo Magellan, then--deadly serious even at its most eccentric, wilfully awkward even at its most accessible, dense and intricate even at its most freewheeling. Same as it ever was.
	The best moments of Swing Lo Magellan transcend whatever intentions their author may have had, as amazing songs are wont to do.
	Dirty Projectors has never done so much with so little, a rare feat reiterated by the disarming, insistent standout, "Gun Has No Trigger."
	It should be thrillingly anarchic; instead, it just meanders.
	When Longstreth uses his newfound focus to shake up his methods... the results are often startling.
	They have it in them to write great pop music or truly important experimental music, but Dirty Projectors have to decide where they want to end up before they start.
	Swing Lo Magellen sounds forced and cluttered... highlights a dearth of skill when it comes to self-editing. [No.89 p.54]
	On "Irresponsible Tune," leader Dave Longstreth harnesses the magic of bygone vocal groups like the Orioles and the Comedian Harmonists, singing about  "a world crooked, f***ed up and wrong" and, briefly, makes it right.
	Swing Lo Magellan features some of the Dirty Projectors' most straightforward pop songs to date.
	After exploring some most unlikely corners, Swing Lo Magellan is arguably its best at its simplest.
	[Swing Lo Magellan] is instantly likeable. It makes perfect sense, but unravels into nonsense and complexity on second glance.
	While some listeners might find the Projectors' rather knowing idiosyncracy off-putting and smug, there are songs here that suggest the band has finally found the formula that finely balances its well-meaning musical intellectualism with actual pop songs.
	It's the amped-up riff in the middle of Offspring Are Blank that best sums up their playful approach. They often flex their muscles without feeling the need to land a killer blow. [Aug 2012, p.97]
	More often than not the group sound like they're going through the motions. [Jul 2012, p.57]
	Swing Lo works best at arm's length, admired like a diamond rather than held like a carbon-based life-form. [Aug 2012, p.91]
	Simply put, the music on Swing Lo can't support its great ideas. To quote Dylan, "a song is anything that can walk by itself." Maybe time will prove me completely and utterly wrong, but as far as I can tell, nothing on Swing Lo walks by itself.
	More approachable than Bitte Orca, but just as carefully crafted. This album's pleasantness does not detract from its artistry, and itsMore approachable than Bitte Orca, but just as carefully crafted. This album's pleasantness does not detract from its artistry, and its artistry does not impede its pleasantness. Hardcore Dirty Projectors fans may need a couple extra spins to appreciate the changes in Longstreth's songwriting, but this is a truly excellent album.… Full Review »
	With this one, David has slowed down the prog elements and made them more digestible for the impatient and unintelligent. What you hear whenWith this one, David has slowed down the prog elements and made them more digestible for the impatient and unintelligent. What you hear when you listen is an ultra advanced musician dumbing down music to the level he feels comfortable doing so, and it is great.… Full Review »
	I was always a fan of The Dirty Projectors since I first heard Bitte Orca. Although I didn't find that album to be quite the masterpiece itI was always a fan of The Dirty Projectors since I first heard Bitte Orca. Although I didn't find that album to be quite the masterpiece it was being hailed as from a lot of people, I still found it to be a solid record that did grow on me over time. Swing Lo Magellan is a different beast, however. It's the sound of a complete band coming together. It's as if The Dirty Projectors dabbled in music to finally make this album. Dave Longstreth has clearly matured as a musician. From his vocals to his songwriting, He does no wrong in this album. All In All, Swing Lo Magellan is one of the best albums this year. A-… Full Review »
	