For all its glum pronouncements of murder, mortality and loss, it’s an ecstatic listen, ponderous party music.
	This could have all ended in Tears For Fears, but their winning seriousness is matched by a penchant for a grandiose but hummable melody. [Feb 2009, p.119]
	On the whole, To Lose My Life is a solid debut that will certainly divide opinion, but approach with an open mind and dividends will be reaped en masse.
	There's a slickness to the sound as well-not to mention a pop sensibility, which could combine to give the band a shot in the Anglophobic US market. [May 2009, p.122]
	It's not quite bad enough to be dubbed an honest failure, but it's flaws are too debilitating for me to recommend blowing a tenner on a copy.
	Still mourning the loss of The Bravery? Look no further. [Feb 2009, p.85]
	White Lies naivety is emphatically brokered by their songs ability to rouse and inspire. [Feb 2009, p.109]
	While that darkness gives the album its semblance of originality, it may prove incompatible with the group's mass-market ambitions.
	To Lose My Life is satisfying and consisitent throughout, even if White Lies treads daringly close to one-trick-pony territory. [Spring 2009, p.75]
	Their debut begins with a rousing arena-rock anthem called 'Death' and then delivers detached variations on the same subject for the next nine tracks with a professionalism that's simultaneously compelling and creepy.
	On their debut, this trio of fashionably dour West London lads crafts wildly overwrought goth-pop weepers with choruses that would make excellent Robert Smith High School yearbook inscriptions.
	White Lies' polished synth rock effuses more melodrama than any young group should be allotted.
	The feeling remains though that their broad emotional strokes will have to concede something to intimacy and solitude to ever really win hearts.
	The results are oddly compelling, if only for the ridiculous way in which their lyrics handle fear, death and despair.
	If you liked the new Oasis and U2 records, never bought "Turn on the Bright Lights," and tend to ignore clumsy lyrics, you might enjoy raising your beer to this album just fine.
	Songs like 'Death' and 'Nothing To Give' are strident due to big production and well-placed hooks. But commercially geared goth is so much more hideous than the real thing because it wants to be palatable and accepted.
	To Lose My Life is an album made to a predefined plan with skill and no heart.
	I'm a fan of good music first and foremost. This is without a doubt one of the best albums I've heard from any band. The lyrics, some of theI'm a fan of good music first and foremost. This is without a doubt one of the best albums I've heard from any band. The lyrics, some of the darkest and thought provoking one can find. Music should drive emotion, and this offering sure does - big time ! Brilliant album.… Full Review »
	Catchier than Interpol, brighter than Joy Division and less serious than EditorsAmazing album, Death was good song, but I fell in love withCatchier than Interpol, brighter than Joy Division and less serious than EditorsAmazing album, Death was good song, but I fell in love with them since farewell to the fairgroundthe only weak song is 50 on our foreheadsI was waiting for some good new indie band to enter the charts… Full Review »
	This is actually a very good album. It has a very Editors/Joy Division feel to it. Now, I give it an 8 only because they said theyThis is actually a very good album. It has a very Editors/Joy Division feel to it. Now, I give it an 8 only because they said they specifically don't LIKE Joy Division  and yet they sound a lot like them. If a band sounds like what they don't like, then I do have to knock it a little  but Death and Farewell To The Fairgrounds are both incredible songs, and To Lose My Life is a very haunting anthem. Overall, 8/10.… Full Review »
	