'Mercury' from 1993 is widely regarded as AMC's finest moment, albeit their flawed masterpiece. This new album is right up there with it, and 1990's 'Everclear', too.
	Love Songs for Patriots picks up exactly where American Music Club last left us: producing uniformly excellent music filled with heartbreak, loneliness, and - yes - politics.
	I can't stress enough how brilliant this record is, how pertinent and valuable its songs are to our lives.
	There is no shortage of understated brilliance on Love Songs for Patriots.
	The songs are heartfelt and witty, with the kind of deep sweep that makes listeners happy to be sad.
	Far, far better than it has any right to be, an album that sounds like a natural progression of the band’s career and one that, if they’d made it instead of San Francisco, might just have held them together for a bit longer.
	[Eitzel's] best album of closing-time kvetch since 1993's Mercury. [Dec 2004, p.124]
	As before, there are hints of redemption and humor even in Eitzel's most downbeat tunes. [22 Oct 2004, p.96]
	Exudes the kind of focus and cohesiveness most bands only achieve after years of playing together.
	Proving that reunions can be a good thing, "Love Songs for Patriots" is a nice addition to this band's highly influential catalog.
	A uniformly strong collection of sharp-eyed, sardonic allegories.
	Funny, heartbreaking and at glorious odds with the world. [4 Sep 2004, p.73]
	Eitzel sounds like he's finally emerging from the murk. [Nov 2004, p.128]
	Their best since 1991’s Everclear, and a glittering statement of purpose from an institution reinvigorated.
	These are Eitzel's purest confessionals to date. [#8, p.108]
	Little of the album fails to impress in its striking melodic strength or its lyrical intelligence---which shouldn’t surprise Eitzel’s long-time fans. But the album does have one recurring flaw: overextension of its ideas.
	American Music Club are as morose as ever. [Dec 2004, p.150]
	Strong and melodic, atmospheric and creative... a powerful work. [Oct 2004, p.120]
	Love Songs for Patriots sounds just as one would expect an aged AMC to sound: with mature, yet loose arrangements with an edge but without balls back up Eitzel’s gloomy, brooding voice, taking wry bitterness to familiar but novel highs and lows.
	This isn’t so much the first AMC record in awhile as the sturdiest, most bottom-heavy Eitzel record in awhile.
	Love Songs for Patriots isn't an American Music Club masterpiece in the manner of Everclear or Mercury, but it's certainly a stronger and more coherent effort than the group's last set.
	Few other bands could provide properly sympathetic backing for a singer who delivers his roiling emotions in such sad, sleepy tones. [Oct 2004, p.112]
	Fleeting moments of genius flanked by sketchy songs... [and] curious, dense production burying Eitzel's amazing voice under layers of maudlin instrumentation.
	So if you can make it to track six - the lush “Only Love Can Set You Free” - Love Songs For Patriots becomes far more palatable from then on in.
	Umm ... what can I say? This is simply one of the best albums I have ever heard. It has one of the best songs ever, in Patriot's Heart. Umm ... what can I say? This is simply one of the best albums I have ever heard. It has one of the best songs ever, in Patriot's Heart. The album is so beautiful a gem that everyone should listen too.… Full Review »
	It's slightly difficult. Mark Eitzel's run-on, rhymeless, occasionally semi-monotone vocal style and Vudi, with his drifting, It's slightly difficult. Mark Eitzel's run-on, rhymeless, occasionally semi-monotone vocal style and Vudi, with his drifting, non-top-40 structured guitars, can always be a challenge at first listen. But, wow, the lyrics and underlying melodies here are stronger than ever, and the production amazes throughout, with the essential mood of each song reflected and reinforced in the backing musical textures. Eitzel's dramatic voice, intelligence, insight and humor explode and enchant, reach into your heart and calm or move you, or smack you with passionate sarcasm to a sincere grin. It's truly incredible that, after 10 years, the band can mount a comeback with what I think is their best album ever. It's one of those rare releases you want to play again and again because you want to rediscover each song and take in "the whole" as a work of art each time. Absolutely no top 40 hits here. Zero. But not one bad song. It's a stunning painting or a complex and stirring novel to the ears.… Full Review »
	