On the evidence of Favourite Worst Nightmare, the Arctic Monkeys are playing at the very top of their and everyone else's game.
	It's not just the songs that have improved, but also their delivery. [May 2007, p.115]
	What is most startling... is the amount of emotional depth that Turner's injected into his songs here.
	On [the] debut, it was possible hear all the ways they were similar to their predecessors, but here it's possible to hear all the ways Arctic Monkeys is a unique, vibrant band and that's why Favourite Worst Nightmare is its own way more exciting than the debut.
	The album sees the band moving on from the Libertines-aping chord structures of their debut and pushing in new directions.
	There is more than enough here to make up for any loss of zeitgeist-shattering impact the second time around. [28 Apr 2007]
	The most doubter-defying second album since 'Modern Life Is Rubbish'.
	This is unmistakeably the Arctics, only stronger, harder, sharper, faster.... An extraordinary and fulfilling sequel to their debut. [May 2007, p.100]
	A second album as outstanding as this one is no nightmare; it's a dream come true.
	Ultimately, it ends up being one fantastic follow-up that brims at the sides with vehement energy.
	If "Nightmare" misses some of the poetry and exhilaration of "Whatever," it has something more important: authenticity and integrity.
	While their second set... may not be as revelatory as the first, it's nearly as good, and suggests they may eventually live up to the most impassioned accolades.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare is a near-triumph, a far superior Album #2 than Meat Is Murder, The Libertines, or Second Coming. Yet some doubts nag, partly because of the subject matter. [May 2007, p.84]
	Turner’s sharp narrative ear is still tuned to the revealing banalities of everyday life, the whole band admirably responsive to emotional nuance.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare shows them pushing gently but confidently at the boundaries of their sound.
	The new songs are more melodic and even more meticulous than before.
	Though inconsistent, this record is remarkably accomplished and immediate.
	Forget about the dreaded decline. Arctic Monkeys have moved from their alarmingly evolved infancy into rock toddlerhood with glibness, swagger, and whip-smart songs intact.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare is a surprisingly significant improvement on an excellent debut.
	At every turn this record astonishes with its accomplishment.
	Even sharper and more cunning than its predecessor.
	The record goes some way towards capturing the heaviness of that band’s live performances.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare is tempered by a few duds -- "Balaclava" and "If You Were There, Beware," please stand up -- but more than that, it's kind of joyless.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare, a demonstrative record of small deviations, may pale before its predecessor but is better.
	Arctic Monkeys are hardly the most important rock act in the world, or even the UK. But unlike a lot of their competition, they're a good band getting better.
	If Favourite Worst Nightmare is notably lacking something, it's another song like the debut's standout, "A Certain Romance".
	Favourite Worst Nightmare finds the band getting louder, more aggressive, and, as a consequence, losing some of their youthful charm.
	A bit heavier and not as immediate, Favourite Worst Nightmare is a slightly lesser record, though by no means a Difficult Second Album.
	Arctic Monkeys have tightened up as a band and play more powerfully than before.
	There's nothing wrong with singing witty lyrics fast and loud; there's just nothing very special about it.
	The boys have yet to prove their worth with the tender, mellow bits... and one can't help but wonder how strong Favourite Worst Nightmare would have been as simply a full-throttle, adrenal-tapped EP. [May 2007, p.92]
	Favourite moves forward not one inch from Whatever, which is safe and reliable, but also repetitive. [#17, p.82]
	In the tradition of thorny newbie bands that get scarily too big (Nirvana, Radiohead, Weezer), they’ve followed their funny, catchy debut with a less funny, less catchy second record to prove how little they trust the good times their music obviously inspires.
	Where the Monkeys come up short is in their compositions, which are beginning to sound formulaic.
	For the first time, the band is inconsistent.
	Favourite Worst Nightmare seems warped and contrived, bearing all the signs and watermarks of a band trying not to feel uncomfortable.
	The harder the music hammers, the flatter the lyrics get. The more the band holds back, the stronger the songs become. Consequently, there's half of a great album here. [May 2007, p.83]
	There’s a lot of bluster and enthusiasm here but I’m struggling to identify much in the way of true substance.
	Simply the bast band at the moment.
	Best band alive.
	Great follow-up to their debut. Musically they've improved as well.
	