Har Mar's best effort to date. [4 Sep 2004, p.72]
	Har Mar wraps glorious, melodic R&B styled hooks around lyrics that sound dangerously inappropriate coming out of the mouths of matrons in minivans. [Sep 2004, p.114]
	Essentially a homage to The Jackson 5/Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder and fellow Minnesotan Prince, "The Handler" proves that Har Mar possesses a fine R&B baritone, is an able rapper and pens exceedingly funky, party-primed tunes with a perfect pop core.
	Pristine production renders this as vital as anything by Justin Timberlake. [Oct 2004, p.104]
	He's got some solid grooves... but a lot of them are borrowed. [Sep 2004, p.136]
	A horny, disco-infused party starter for those who like their funk with a side of irony.
	The Handler is no doubt marred by some tasteless postcoital nyuks... and outdated references. [#12, p.97]
	That he carries off this foolishness is down to sweat and vocal chords.
	The Handler shows that Har Mar Superstar can also give new meaning to the term "trying too hard."
	His falsetto voice, cutesy pitched-up female backing vocals and playground chant hooks are the stuff of kiddy pop. [Oct 2004, p.123]
	A Victorian freak show with a cracking voice, but just a few stolen Prince and Stevie Wonder tunes, Har Mar Superstar seems to be humiliating himself and reaching for the lowest common denominator in search of lays and some fleeting personal success.
	Man, this thing sucks. [Oct 2004, p.146]
	The Handler only meagerly amplifies what he was already doing, probably pleasing his no doubt respectable cadre of core followers, but handily turning off the rest of humanity.
	What we have here, particularly in pitch fork's review, is a jealousy that a guy as schlubby as Har Mar gets laid ten times more than What we have here, particularly in pitch fork's review, is a jealousy that a guy as schlubby as Har Mar gets laid ten times more than any album reviewer. Most of these reviews spend more time deriding Sean's sexuality than judging the music, and trying to tell Sean that "the joke's over." This album proves that the joke has become the truth. You can stop laughing. The point is mute. A great album.… Full Review »
	The perfect pop album. I really don't understand the anger this guy seems to elicit from some people, because the music is like cotton The perfect pop album. I really don't understand the anger this guy seems to elicit from some people, because the music is like cotton candy ... with a healthy dollop of innuendo.… Full Review »
	He gets 1 for having a more aesthetically pleasing album cover this time around. To whoever said people hate Har-Mar because "pop has become He gets 1 for having a more aesthetically pleasing album cover this time around. To whoever said people hate Har-Mar because "pop has become a dirty word"... The reason Har-Mar isn't that listenable is because his music has terrible production values. He can't rap, he can't really carry a tune... In what way is this pop music, in any real sense of the word? Har-Mar Superstar is a novelty act that has ceased to remain novel long ago. Please, Sean, stop this. You can do better.… Full Review »
	