Although his ghost pleasantly haunts the album in some ways (The Cosmos Rocks is actually dedicated to him), Paul Rodgers breathes new life into Queen, while still keeping the band’s tremendous legacy intact as they soldier forth with new material into the 21st century.
	Occasionally they stumble, as on the clunky 'Warboys.' But with Rogers imperious, Queen's second coming is vindicated. [Oct 2008, p.100]
	As with a lot of The Cosmos Rocks, you listen to Warboys boggling that Queen--famously intelligent men--didn't at any point notice that the lyrics were stupid, trite, a bit offensive and bound to have an undermining effect on whatever musical efforts they put behind it.
	This ill-fitting rebirth, fronted by the defiantly ungay, unIndian and uneccentric Paul Rodgers, can be seen as an attempt to ditch the Mercury-inspired absurdity and bolster Queen’s hard 'rawkin’credentials.
	Certainly, it's not the embarrassment of the live album, but it has its own internal logic that keeps it humming along, and that's good enough for a listen and to get the band out on tour again, even it's not good enough for a second spin.
	It's a shame that the end result, the first under the Queen name in 13 years, is not very memorable.
	Queen 2.0 are competent enough to rock arenas, but don't expect a repeat of the glory days.
	What an astronomically bad parallel universe. Queen's star is dead.
	Freddie-less queen fail to recall old glories.
	This mismatched combo brings out the best in each other only on the refreshingly lightweight 'Call Me.' [Nov 2008, p.76]
	I like Paul Rodgers and was very fond of Queen. I don't expect mensa lyrics but I want fun sassy and something great. The songwriting is I like Paul Rodgers and was very fond of Queen. I don't expect mensa lyrics but I want fun sassy and something great. The songwriting is appalling everything about it is trite and hackneyed. It tries to hard rock like old queen but second rate melodies, I really wanted to like it. Honest. It is awful. I didn't download a single song into my MP3 player I'd everwant to hear again. Tie your mother down? Tie this crap to a raft and float it out to sea.… Full Review »
	Paul Rodgers has long been a moving force (Free, Bad Company, The Firm, The Law, solo projects, etc.) that this is a surprisingly good fit Paul Rodgers has long been a moving force (Free, Bad Company, The Firm, The Law, solo projects, etc.) that this is a surprisingly good fit for both Rodgers and Queen. No, he's not Freddie Mercury, nor is anyone quite as vocally unique as Paul Rodgers. Cosmos Rocks allows Rodgers to flourish and he's surrounded by a quality, creative and extremely talented group of musicians. Stop dreaming of a Queen without Freddie. Instead, imagine a reborn Bad Company with rich guitars, powerful musical arrangements, and outstanding vocals by Rodgers. Any fan of his voice will not want to miss this disc.… Full Review »
	Don't compare it with the old band... this new combo is definately worth a listen. They do make the Cosmos rock.
	