What really differentiates the album from its predecessors is that there's almost no trace of tension to be heard. It's all about fooling around and being in love.
	Dupri exits the album halfway through, leaving the final five songs almost entirely to Jam-Lewis-Jackson. She seems hopelessly drawn to their old-school settings of strings, real pianos and quiet-storm drama.
	Janet is as crafty and poised as ever. Her flirtations are still a pleasure, but an overly familiar one.
	There's a little too much consistency across the album -- too few moments stand out, and too many of the hooks just blend together.
	Dated songs like "So Excited" and "Do It 2 Me" end up sounding like they're, well, 20 years old.
	Sharp production can't mask the absence of any standouts likely to be remembered 20 months from now.
	There’s precious little to get, well, excited about here.
	The saddest thing about 20 Y.O. is that Janet's decision to hedge her bets on an album whose backbone is made up of terrible R&B instead of great dance music.
	It's hard to catch much buzz off fun that sounds so much like work. [Dec 2006, p.170]
	A record that surgically removes all trace of sensuality and replaces it with calculated, mechanical, by-numbers bump'n'grind action.
	Almost all of the tunes here (particularly "So Excited") try to replicate Jackson's early work, with diminishing returns.
	Sexuality doesn't sink 20 Y.O. as much as the beats do.
	20 Y.O. is a lazy timewarp, not a retro treat. [Dec 2006, p.114]
	It's a bland album that rarely shifts tempo and shows almost none of the personality Jackson used to have.
	i love the cd it has sooooooooooooo many good songs that make me smile when i have bad days how in the world does she hit the high notes?
	This is not Janet's best effort by a long shot, but it is also not her worst (Damito Jo.) The one thing that is lacking is that it feels This is not Janet's best effort by a long shot, but it is also not her worst (Damito Jo.) The one thing that is lacking is that it feels less like a Janet Jackson record and more like a compilation of new songs that Janet just happened to like. There is very little continuity. However, many of the songs are wonderful -- it's a great collection of new Janet songs that I am really happy to listen to!… Full Review »
	it good di to me the shit so excited i hot come on so get get it
	