Dilate proves that the members of Bardo Pond keep finding ways to reinvent their sound, surpassing themselves each time they do.
	For those patient enough to endure it, Dilate is an anesthetic high without the drugs. [4 May 2001, p.71]
	Blissed out, beautiful... and quite probably bonkers, with Dilate Bardo Pond seem intent on redrawing their personal cosmos's final frontiers yet again. [May 2001, p.100]
	On Dilate, Bardo Pond does the trick by adding a bit of restraint and space to its familiar blend of Iommi-grade riffing, volume-induced overtones and Isobel SOllenberger's inimitably blasted moan. [#49, p.69]
	Improvisatory and poetic, Bardo Pond has more in common with avant-jazz and contemporary classical than with most heavy rock.
	Bardo Pond have become equally adept at making hearts and heads ache. [#155, p.68]
	While previous albums gave a studio sheen to the noise, Dilate has a looser, more spontaneous feel to it.
	According to the liner notes, Dilate took more than two years to record, beating the twenty-month-plus gestation period for 1999's Set and Setting. Fortunately, it works in our favor; they've used the time to experiment a bit, perhaps in an effort to garner fans beyond the nascent (but artistically stagnant) stoner rock genre.
	It's a psychadelic haze of an album with layers upon layers of sound, many tracks so dense that lead singer Isobel Sollenberger just becomes another element.
	Bardo Pond's most focused work to date. Who knows whether the group would take that as a compliment? [#206, p.61]
	One of the greatest and most underrated bands of all time. Falls short of the absolute awesomeness of Lapsed, Amanita, Bufo Alvarius, and the One of the greatest and most underrated bands of all time. Falls short of the absolute awesomeness of Lapsed, Amanita, Bufo Alvarius, and the collaborations with Roy Montgomery, but still destroys very muchly. Probably the druggiest band ever, with a sound like a bluesier, jammier, somewhat darker My Bloody Valentine. The songs can get huge.… Full Review »
	