Part of its delight is how naturally the disparate parts fit together, but another part is how they add up to phantasmagoria if you let your attention wander.
	This new EP is a terrific welcoming of fresh, new thriving music from one of electronic music's leading men.
	As a literally small record, the EP can seem like a diversion. But it is an immensely enjoyable one.
	Pattern + Grid World may sound like an addendum to Cosmogramma, but it's no less essential for that.
	It's consistent and enjoyable, showcasing some nice new ideas while continuing to pull off the same tricks that Flying Lotus has been using to make a name for himself 2010.
	Pattern + Grid World sounds fully formed and precisely assembled. That shouldn't be surprising, considering Ellison's growing reputation as an album artist.
	Instead of tossing off interstitial, between-album scraps, Ellison has done what most artists should do with the extended-play format: create a mini-album. Every song has its place and works together to form a tangible flow.
	This EP chases Cosmogramma into the same territory, but seems to favor consistent, looping palettes and original electronics over the latter's ad hoc sampling. [Oct 2010, p.66]
	This new batch of tracks is less precocious, sure, but it's also less labored.
	Although you'd be hard pressed, but very pleased, to find a shindig entirely amenable to FlyLo's relentlessly eccentric experiments, Pattern+Grid World is certainly more pillow fight than lounge party.
	While not nearly as cohesive as Cosmogramma, Pattern + Grid World has enough interesting experimental beats to tie me over until his nextWhile not nearly as cohesive as Cosmogramma, Pattern + Grid World has enough interesting experimental beats to tie me over until his next album comes out.… Full Review »
	A nice follow-up to Cosmogramma. This EP doesn't take itself as seriously, making it more fun (albeit not nearly as good). If you, like me,A nice follow-up to Cosmogramma. This EP doesn't take itself as seriously, making it more fun (albeit not nearly as good). If you, like me, can't get enough of FlyLo, check this out.… Full Review »
	Filled with classic beats, this is a must-have for all Flying Lotus fans.
	