The vocals are where Murphy has developed the most, trading in his Mark E. Smith yelp for various crooning styles. [Jan/Feb 2007, p.75]
	This is dance-rock for grown-ups: extraordinary.
	Taken end to end, Sound Of Silver is a thrilling, exhilarating ride on a fast machine.
	Murphy succeeds by stretching in two directions — finding a new musical center, and showing his humanity beyond the laughs.
	'Sound Of Silver' is the album of the year.
	It's a straight-up masterpiece, blending indie-rock attitude and clattering dance beats with lethal sardonic humor.
	As close to a perfect hybrid of dance and rock music's values as you're likely to ever hear.
	Yes, of course, it’s a total homage to his favorite music—but it’s an extraordinarily moving one, both emotionally and physically.
	While Sound of Silver still delivers terrific buzzy dance-space jams ... it also contains wispy hints of New Order and Bowie... and Murphy's best song-making efforts to date.
	A big, fun, and passionate record that sounds enormous. [#16, p.92]
	It's occasionally like a dream collaboration between Bill Hicks and New Order, with Giorgio Moroder producing.
	The most extraordinary aspect of the album is that Murphy has managed to simultaneously make his music both more experimental and more thrillingly danceable.
	Over and over, these songs reveal how a wisecracking record geek can still achieve rapture. [Mar 2007, p.98]
	This is music that hits the head, heart and hips all at once.
	Rarely has anyone making such exciting and fashionable music been so unapologetic about being mature, too. [Apr 2007, p.97]
	Make no mistake – the beats are still rigid, dabbling in taut funk and squelching electro as much as snotty punk moves and glorious polyrhtyhms. These nine songs, however, ring with a clarity of purpose and a true intent that was previously altogether lacking, presenting a far more cohesive image of Murphy and his many strengths.
	The strongest stuff of Mr. Murphy’s career.
	Compared to the first LCD Soundsystem album, Sound of Silver is less silly, funnier, less messy, sleeker, less rowdy, more fun, less distanced, more touching.
	[A] strong contender for album of the year.
	Cleaned up, stripped down, and melding dance music seamlessly with post-punk, Sound Of Silver is as solid as a dance album can get.
	As a cohesive album and a personal statement, Sound of Silver is superior in most every way.
	I’d be surprised if the genre can produce anything much better than this.
	A fantastic consolidation of everything good about LCD. [Apr 2007, p.108]
	Not only do the rhythms here sound tighter and more intensely focused, Murphy's presence as a songwriter and frontman is a revelation. [Apr 2007, p.110]
	Sure, lots of other people have done this lately, but few do it with Murphy's flair.
	Whereas Murphy's wise enough never to let his showing off spoil the fun, he can't avoid investing these songs with heart and soul.
	This sounds more like an album and less like a collection of singles and ideas, and the pop and funk elements are a bit more refined than before.
	While opening track ‘Get Innocuous’ gently apes his own ‘Losing My Edge’ for the first minute and a half, the rest of the LP gradually moves onwards and upwards; either improving and tightening the previous template, or trying new things altogether.
	In the end, the nine songs and fifty-five minutes of Sound Of Silver find LCD Soundsystem really hitting a stride. It's no less playful, but at the same time it's more focused and varied. This is one I'm glad I gave a chance.
	Mostly he just wants to make big, fun, Bowie-esque declamations or work out a nervy punk jones.
	True, LCD's music is not for everyone, which may have something to do with why their fans love them as they do. If you fall into the latter category, however, Silver is gold.
	Turns out there's a functioning soul beneath the smirk. [Apr 2007, p.115]
	The lyrics brim with grouchy wit. [24 Mar 2007]
	You won’t likely be amazed this time around, but be prepared to be thoroughly satisfied, all the same.
	The great thing about this album is the same as was great about the last full length LCD Soundsystem album, and that is its effortless blend and execution of mix.
	He's winking, sure, but this time it's through real tears. [Apr 2007, p.134]
	Merely okay. [Apr 2007, p.194]
	I can't help but think we've all been here before. [#75, p.102]
	It’s entertaining, sure, but also empty and a bit soulless.
	Murphy's willfully pretentious métier, his intentionally inadequate lyrics, and his monotonous sequencing expose a genuine fear of dance.
	Someone please get this man his edge back.
	This album is extraordinary. The man is a genius Funk Soul Brother? Nigel, get a clue.
	LCD Soundsystem, the ultimate hipster band, are a great crossover act. With a fusion of rock and EDM, they have a sound that is irresistible.LCD Soundsystem, the ultimate hipster band, are a great crossover act. With a fusion of rock and EDM, they have a sound that is irresistible. "Sound of Silver" continues where there eponymous debut leaves off. Starting with the rhythmic "Get Innocuous", it's almost 2 minutes before we hear something other than a percussion instrument in the mix. The track works itself into a hypnotic groove and for a while you wonder if this record is going to be an exclusively dance music affair. "Time to Get Away" is more understated and moves away from EDM maelstrom of the opening track. It's reminiscent of Talking Heads at times and this is always a good thing. Next we have one of the bands biggest hits, "North American Scum", a track which is an ideal microcosm of the bands sound - pop, rock and the coolest elements of dance music. "Someone Great" is deservedly put at the centre of the album - a real centrepiece track that builds gradually towards a feeling of elation before winding itself down again. One of the bands best tracks and worth the entry fee alone to hear. "All My Friends" is a similar builder, over 7 minutes long, we start with a pounding piano with distorted guitars gradually making their way into the mix. "Us Vs Them" is one of the few disappointing moments on the record. Clocking in at over 8 minutes, this is the only time I can accuse James Murphy of self indulgence. "Watch the Tapes" gets things back on track with it's urgency and immediacy before the album's title track, an ode to 80's dance. The likes of Depeche Mode and New Order are written all over this one. "New York I Love You But You'r Bringing Me Down" closes proceedings and is one of the finest endings to an album your likely to hear. Lou Reed would have been proud of this one, with Murphy at his lyrical finest. As soon as it finishes you just want to hit play again. A pleasure of an album.… Full Review »
	Dance-Punk at it's finest. That is what James Murphy and DFA Records have been doing for 10 years now. Taking all the best from Human LeagueDance-Punk at it's finest. That is what James Murphy and DFA Records have been doing for 10 years now. Taking all the best from Human League (Someone Great), Talking Heads (Watch the Tapes) and Elton John (New York, I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down) LCD Soundystem gives it a modern lick with dry drums, Electro house synths and a metric  of cowbell. Other influences from more modern bands like the Strokes and the Killers are present. (All My Friends is pretty much a danceable Mr.Brightside) Not only is Murphy's sense of rhythm spectacular, his lyrics are intelligent, clever and funny. If you love Indie Rock, punk, or house music, this album will take all of the best things of it into one perfect package.… Full Review »
	