If you ignore those gratuitous lyrics, though, you'll find Pitbull's catchiest set yet.
	With Rebelution, Pitbull's filled a rakish niche in pop-rap.
	Even if it's not the most persuasive mood album, once the party has kicked into high gear Rebelution will certainly keep it going.
	Rebelution will leave you shaken, but not stirred.
	You either love or hate Pitbull's music, and sometimes a little of both when listening to the same album.
	The highlight is the laid-back Across The World with B.o.B, where Pitbull gets introspective for a minute. “Mr. 305” is at his best when tying together different styles, but the mindless, misogynistic filler on tracks like Full Of Shit and Girls sours the album as a whole.
	If that hardly sounds like the greatest thing to happen to hip hop in recent times, it's nothing compared to his fourth LP, which is a litany of lazy beats and even lazier rhymes; "Your mama she gets crazy," he instructs on Krazy. [Dec 2009, p. 120]
	I seriously do not know what to think about this. Most tracks are incredibly catchy - but, at the same time, I find him awful. His vocalI seriously do not know what to think about this. Most tracks are incredibly catchy - but, at the same time, I find him awful. His vocal performance is IDENTICAL on every single song, while the featured artists on 8/13 tracks show he cannot stand on his own two feet. All in all, it appears that the features and the catchy hooks save the songs - to the extent they can be saved.… Full Review »
	The lyrics are one-track sexist, but I can't stop listening to the CD. Whatever he's doing, he's doing it right. I feel guilty The lyrics are one-track sexist, but I can't stop listening to the CD. Whatever he's doing, he's doing it right. I feel guilty for how much I'm loving this CD.… Full Review »
	Pitbull's most mainstream work can be viewed as misogynistic, lacking in craft and heavily reliant on party vibes but it should be rememberedPitbull's most mainstream work can be viewed as misogynistic, lacking in craft and heavily reliant on party vibes but it should be remembered that he himself has not claimed to be a rapper or MC and therefore the record is purely a reflection of America's hugely influential club scene. The record tries to be unique but it wants to be fun and sexy even if substance is lacking. Isn't that what the American party scene is all about? Fake boobs and desperate acts of sexual promiscuity. When I listen to this record that is the image I have. 'I Know You Want Me' is the standout track and has since become a global cashcow for the publishers.  9/10   87/100… Full Review »
	