May be the perfect pop album.
	Ealom is one cool customer, and her bandmates know their best music arises from showcasing her in all her multitracked glory. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.133]
	This is the album that should put Dressy Bessy on the big map.
	The album's stripped-down sound and approach may leave the listener wishing the band had found a little space for some flashy chords or glitzy orchestration to break things up a bit. Still, it is hard to argue with an album as pure and true as this.
	Longtime fans may be put off a bit at first by the harsher sounds on this record. The hum-a-longs here aren't quite as obvious. The band has also abandoned the lighter, breezier songs that dotted their two previous efforts. Instead, there is a carefully controlled chaos filling up the empty spaces.
	Dressy Bessy is their most forward, cohesive, and just downright pleasant release yet.
	Its most accomplished album. [#60, p.97]
	Dressy Bessy's darkest record yet is also its strongest, if only because there's a little more grit and tears mixed into the familiar, rapidly-approaching-stale sunshine-and-happiness mix.
	Dressy Bessy are happy to sound happy, and nothing can spoil the album's impeccable bubblegum flavor.
	This is a great pop record. [17 Jul 2004, p.49]
	Nobody creates teeth-rottingly sweet indie rock better than Denver's Dressy Bessy. [Sep 2003, p.102]
	It's like the Breeders at their most cheerful but without all the arsty fartsy. Their record is as perky as their name. Great job!!!!!!!!
	I agree with Joe - this thing ROCKS! Almost every song is great. When was the last time you remember that from a group. DB's previous I agree with Joe - this thing ROCKS! Almost every song is great. When was the last time you remember that from a group. DB's previous albums were ok as they were although they were kind of bland and lacking punch. I disagree with Christine in that I don't think the fact that this album was recorded in a better studio makes any difference. The band has obviously (and I think correctly) decided that they could only take 60s retro Beach Boys sound so far, and have decided to (in the words of that stupid tv chef) kick up a bunch of notches. I think what makes this album is the interplay between the (mostly) sweet and smoth vocals and the rest of the band. Its a contrast that was largely lacking from their previous work. DB keep this up and keep pushing this new sound. You CAN and MUST go further with this. Also please come play in NYC soon (I'll make sure my friends pack the place).… Full Review »
	The band went into a big fancy studio and made everything sound so polished and precise that I think they've lost much of their indie The band went into a big fancy studio and made everything sound so polished and precise that I think they've lost much of their indie charm. I prefer the lo-fi almost-unrehearsed sound of their previous releases. This cd just sounds like any other alt-rock album... it doesn't sound like the Dressy Bessy I know and love. If I'd never heard "Pink Hearts Yellow Moons", maybe I'd like this one more. But the songs just aren't as sing-along-catchy on the new cd. Dressy Bessy released a demo for the song "Tidy" and I like it MUCH better than the final version. So I don't think they've lost the ability to write catchy tunes. I just think the lets-perfect-it-in-the-studio approach sucked all the fun and spontaneous energy out of these songs. I guess every band dreams of recording in a real studio, but I wish Dressy Bessy would realize what made them unique and great, instead of trying to change their sound.… Full Review »
	