As with prior releaes, Woodruff's lyrics can be hokey, but his Midwestern earnestness makes it easy to let it slide. [Sep 2008, p.158]
	Emo fans will be satisfied; dabblers will have their assumptions about the genre confirmed.
	It's a familiar mix of music, to be sure, but Fragile Future also sounds more valid than other emo albums, even if its hooks aren't quite as muscular as those on the band's previous disc.
	It's somewhat disappointing, that the disc's sound and content hew so closely to the standard emo/screamo/hardcore formula. [8 Aug 2008, p.68]
	Guitarist J.T. Woodruff has assumed all vocals duties, and his nasally whine is virtually indistinguishable from the hordes of similar sounding emo frontmen; that and disappointingly bland hooks make Fragile Future feel formulaic.
	Unfortunately, with Fragile Future, Hawthorne Heights start awkwardly and never really find their feet.
	Fragile Future lacks originality, and while the pop-punk twist on the band's genre is welcoming, Woodruff's vocals are cheesier than everFragile Future lacks originality, and while the pop-punk twist on the band's genre is welcoming, Woodruff's vocals are cheesier than ever whilst the lyrical content is even cheesier. One of the standout tracks is one of the sweetest: "Four Become One", a ballad dedicated to the band's former unclean vocalist, Casey Calvert, who died from an overdose just a year before Fragile Future's release. One of the downfalls is the album's lead single, "Rescue Me", which merely sounds like a rewritten "Saying Sorry", but it's rhyming scheme less impressive.… Full Review »
	Once again Hawthorne Heights deals with raw and true emotions you feel when you lose someone close to you. This album was clearly written forOnce again Hawthorne Heights deals with raw and true emotions you feel when you lose someone close to you. This album was clearly written for Casey Calvert (EX guitarist and unclean vocalist). There aren't any unclean vocals as there were on the previous albums. They wanted to keep the band true and not replace Casey. Even with only clean vocals the message of sadness and everyday struggle comes through. Hawthorne Heights always lets you know that you are never alone. The album is in another genre than the previous two. They cannot be compared. In this album's own respect it is very well put together.… Full Review »
	veery amazing album from this band,love it :)
	