You may say, with all its funky breaks and organ spells, that The Mix-Up is the last album you’d expect the Beastie Boys to make; but really, it could’ve been the first.
	The Mix-Up is the best record collection ever thoroughly digested and re-imagined by a bunch of guys in love with sound.
	Maybe The Mix-Up woks simply because it does nothing terribily wrong.
	A satisfyingly uneven, agreeably overreaching hodgepodge of sounds and styles a la Hello Nasty or Ill Communication.
	The Mix Up is not a major statement, but that's the nice thing about the record: it's as personal and idiosyncratic as any old funky soul-jazz LP that you'd find deep in the crates of a second-hand record store.
	The Mix-Up doesn’t present anything innovative, nor is it any sort of triumphant career coda; it just sounds good.
	The Beasties could have knocked out all twelve jams in a lazy weekend in 1992, 2007 or anywhere in between.
	"The Mix-Up" is thematically sound and feels like a comprehensive piece instead of a self-indulgent scheme. [30 Jun 2007]
	Low-fi, hazy and lightweight.
	There’s very little about The Mix-Up not to like, yet there’s also very little that will be remembered in five months.
	"The Mix-Up" is all about groove and texture, sometimes at the expense of hooks.
	The Mix-Up may not be the cure for 2004's disappointing "To the 5 Boroughs," but it grooves nicely in the meantime. [Summer 2007, p.79]
	Who'd have guessed that a Beastie Boys record could be too subtle?
	It's the sound of a group treading water. [Jul 2007, p.110]
	It's slight and, even at its liveliest, inconsequential. [Jul 2007, p.92]
	It’s purely incidental material that goes nowhere for a dozen tracks and ends with just as much fuss as it began, i.e. none.
	For an album that truly has nothing to say and risks suggesting nothing more need be said, The Mix-Up sounds merely satisfactory now, but I can't wait until some turntablist uses it to drop the science.
	Tossed-off, underdone, monotonous, unfinished, and redundant maybe, but not bad.
	There's a distinct lack of fun in the instrumental wankage of The Mix-Up, a bad sign for a band that has seen their results fade in direct proportion to how seriously they take themselves.
	There's 100 reasons to worship the Beastie Boys. But, plugging in a wah-wah pedal and writing an album of indulgent jazz-funk instrumentals is certainly not one of them.
	For fans only.
	The Beasties have neither the musical chops nor the compositional skill... to hold listeners' interest for the length of an album.
	Beasties do what they want and have it made. It's that easy. Their sound is a distinct funk. It's throwback, it's relaxed, Beasties do what they want and have it made. It's that easy. Their sound is a distinct funk. It's throwback, it's relaxed, it's artistic leisure. What do you mean, "what happened"? If you know the anything about the boys and their philosophy, such flagrants doth shant be uttered.… Full Review »
	This album really surprised me  thank you Beastie Boys! When Hip-Hop is really starting to decay and loose its relevance they drop a funkyThis album really surprised me  thank you Beastie Boys! When Hip-Hop is really starting to decay and loose its relevance they drop a funky ass instrumental to show today's 'artists' how its done. I was afraid about the direction the Beastie Boys would take in the current climate of Auto-Tune gangster  mixed with R&B trash that dominates the market. Could they stoop as low as Eminem and hook up with Rhianna?! I feel stupid for even doubting them, they dropped me on my head so hard i had to check it! This album is so non-controversial it is the most controversial album they have ever done! (RIP MCA)… Full Review »
	I never thought I'd rate an album this low by the Beastie Boys but here it is. The whole album is forgettable. I'm a die-hard fan and II never thought I'd rate an album this low by the Beastie Boys but here it is. The whole album is forgettable. I'm a die-hard fan and I couldn't get the reasoning behind this album. I have friends who have jam sessions sound just as good as this album. I do like their instrumental work on Ill Communication and Check Your Head, however at this point in their career, they need a more complete body of work.… Full Review »
	