They've proved themselves to be a band who defy convention with an album stuffed full of subtle invention and an emotional intensity that you really wouldn't expect from a band still too young to grow a beard between them.
	These boys have genuine pedigree--guitarist Jamie's grandpa was Ewan MacColl--and the confident acoustic textures and fingerpicking styles on display here show a real affection for folk traditions. [Aug 2010, p.77]
	Steadman's vocal stands out--its tremulous quality may be a hangover from, as the story goes, embarrassment at being overheard singing as a kid, but it heightens the sense of an authentically troubled spirit exorcising his demons in the quietly devastating manner of a Nick Drake.
	Ultimately, a steelier grip might be preferable to their warm handshake. [Summer 2010, p.77]
	Flaws is perfectly executed and well produced and if you inhale the album in short, sharp breaths, then you may just find the middle of the road a charming place to be, for a brief moment anyway.
	It's a mature progression for a talented band who, having started out at the tender age of just 15, now seem much clearer on which direction they want to take.
	Hence the London outfit's second album is an all-acoustic, bucolic affair. [Aug 2010, p.116]
	Although the occasional restrained bass works well, this transitional album works best with just voice and guitar.
	It's far more original then any of their previous efforts. However, where Flaws diverges so far from what we expect, it's likely that any further experimentation would make the band lose focus entirely.
	On this Lady Gaga remix album, 10 producers and DJs sink their teeth into her meaty catalog--with predictably uneven results.
	Still, like the lovable Muppet, Flaws is just a little too green to have any major impact.
	Flaws is well-produced, many of its songs nicely augmented by fleet drumming and intricate guitar figures, but Steadman's lack of having anything interesting to say and inability to say it distinctively ultimately sinks the endeavor.
	"Flaws" gets away with a lot due to its acoustic nature - any criticism can be tempered by throwing out "change of direction" or "risk" etc."Flaws" gets away with a lot due to its acoustic nature - any criticism can be tempered by throwing out "change of direction" or "risk" etc. Such an approach is a cop out. As an exclusively acoustic record, its decent but as a BBC records it is a so-so follow up to their strong debut. Very little seriously engaged me here but the vocals and instrumentation are good enough to keep me listening through to the end. Almost like a demo or out-takes album really.… Full Review »
	If you were expecting another rock album, you will be upset! This an excellent acoustic album though. Boasting melancholy and floatingIf you were expecting another rock album, you will be upset! This an excellent acoustic album though. Boasting melancholy and floating melodies with sonically pleasing acoustic guitar accompaniment, this is a treat for the listener. The more you listen the more you will enjoy this album. It has slowly become my favorite by them.… Full Review »
	The album cover reflects the mood of the album- and the listener. Bored. Depressed. Lifeless. Ivy and Gold is pretty much the only good trackThe album cover reflects the mood of the album- and the listener. Bored. Depressed. Lifeless. Ivy and Gold is pretty much the only good track on the record, everything else lacks the vibe and spirit that Bombay Bicycle Club oozed with in their debut… Full Review »
	