The producers give David Cook's clutch of bombastic verse-chorus- verse rockers an impressive melodic sheen, one well suited to Cook's husky, expressive vocals.
	David Cook [is] remarkably similar to the debut of his AmIdol forefather, DAUGHTRY, but where Chris Daughtry wallows in his stylized amorphous angst, Cook is a friendly puppy dog, eager to please.
	Much like his predecessors' quick-turnaround debuts, Cook's is fairly generic, but its rock edge is dirtied up with crunching guitars and the artist's tuneful growl.
	Indeed, it's hard to distinguish Cook's sound from that of his own idols, like Our Lady Peace and Better Than Ezra.
	The Johnny Rzez­nik-assisted opener 'Declaration' sets the tone--guitars, lots of 'em--and 'Light On' has its Soundgarden-like charms, but without the right hook, 'Life on the Moon' and 'I Did It for You' come off like assembly-line active rock.
	As overblown as he is oversensitive, reaching toward the rafters whether his jumbled platitudes about wounded relationships warrant it or not, Cook is more like Michael Bolton in a T-shirt.
	I was a huge Cook fan during his A.I. run. Am very disappointed by the album and its, as USAToday's Brian Mansfield put it, "formulaic, I was a huge Cook fan during his A.I. run. Am very disappointed by the album and its, as USAToday's Brian Mansfield put it, "formulaic, tune-averse tracks... the soft/hard formula that grunge and angst-rock have ossified for the past 15 years." I hope now that DC has gotten through the first album process, he will write or find himself some more interesting, nuanced material for his more nuanced musical sensibilities and singing capabilities.… Full Review »
	Quality sound and vocals by David Cook. The album needs more personality though, because after half way through the songs begin to sound the Quality sound and vocals by David Cook. The album needs more personality though, because after half way through the songs begin to sound the same and getting to the end becomes tedious. I cannot speak badly of his talent though, and am looking forward to his future work.… Full Review »
	I love the album- My favorites are BarBaSol, Lie, Permanent, A DailyAntheM, Come Back To Me... I really like all the songs however and look I love the album- My favorites are BarBaSol, Lie, Permanent, A DailyAntheM, Come Back To Me... I really like all the songs however and look forward to more Cook- And will be seeing him on tour soon.… Full Review »
	