Even at their most acerbic or delicately downplayed extremes, Incubus are compelling. [#184, p.137]
	Their movement toward non-nooky maturity continues here with tunes like the melodic and soaring "Wish You Were Here" and the dramatic "Warning"--each showing a more reflective and poetic side than before.
	At times, these musical meanderings verge on self-indulgence and callowness.
	The group has begun to grow up a bit.
	Inevitably, all the shifts in tempo, mood and lyrical slant ultimately hurt Morning View more than they help.
	It's not quite as thrillingly risky as the Deftones' White Pony, but it deserves the collegiate adulation it will likely receive. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.107]
	There is very little here that makes any sort of meaningful connection. [Dec 2001, p.85]
	Mediocre pop songs with pretensions.
	The coolest thing about Incubus is the way they come front-and-center with their inner little girl.
	Morning View's insurmountable flaw is that Incubus sell themselves as an Intelligent and Sensitive rock band, without actually appearing especially intelligent or sensitive.
	definitely the best Incubus album to date, it has something for everyone every song on the album is a good one but Just a Phase is My favoritedefinitely the best Incubus album to date, it has something for everyone every song on the album is a good one but Just a Phase is My favorite song they've ever done… Full Review »
	This CD comprises a little bit of every facet of rock from the hard rocking Under my Umbrella and Nice to Know You to the chill 11 am and Are This CD comprises a little bit of every facet of rock from the hard rocking Under my Umbrella and Nice to Know You to the chill 11 am and Are You In. Every song is good and this is by far their best overall album.… Full Review »
	This is truly the peak of creativity for Incubus. It showcases the ability of each band member and the cohesive ability of the band as a This is truly the peak of creativity for Incubus. It showcases the ability of each band member and the cohesive ability of the band as a whole. From beginning to end this album is orchestrated flawlessly in a perfect crescendo of energy and thought. It finishes nicely with "Aqueous Transmission," bringing the overall energy of the album to a calm. This album follows the normal curve of listenability and sophistication.… Full Review »
	