The sound is now clearer than on either predecessor; the rapping likewise. And here come Jane's Addiction and the Smashing Pumpkins--this is a slicker, grander record than Significant Other. [Jan 2001, p.112]
	It was only natural to suspect that Limp Bizkit would fall on their faces this time by getting serious. But Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water is looser and livelier and just plain better than anything they've ever tried before.
	Fred Durst may grab the headlines, but Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water really shows that all the power Limp Bizkit are known for comes from their bandmembers who, you know, actually play instruments. Durst's lyrics are wack when he raps and bad high school poetry when he sings.... Of course, there aren't many people looking for deep thoughts from Durst and Co. -- just lots of big, dumb, angry fun. And on that count, Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water delivers.
	You'd expect better from a band so on top of their game.
	Well, if nothing else, the search for the year's dumbest album title is over. And in some respects, the search for the year's dumbest album, too. True, Limp Bizkit's third release is filled with thrashworthy hooks, hardcore beats, and plenty of blind rage, but frontman Fred Durst is so inarticulate about exactly what is pissing him off that it's tough to take him seriously.
	As tiresome as Durst can be, Limp Bizkit are very good at what they do; the band is exceptionally tight, evidenced by its ability to switch time signatures and moods within songs (kudos to guitarist Wes Borland). Still, their stance and sound already reek of formula, and the album's attempts at mold breaking may be the band's way of acknowledging this fact.
	If the band supported his sheets of noise, terrifying guitars, monstrous rhythms, or even a hook every now and then, Durst's narcissism may have been palatable, but the group pretty much churns out the same colorless heavy plod for each song.
	Durst offers his piggish take-it-or-leave-it stance on relationships ("It's my way or the highway," he gleefully whines on "My Way"), his fantasies of the hip-hop high life ("Livin' It Up"), and his delight with obscenity ("If I say fuck two more times that's 46 fucks in this fucked-up rhyme"). Limp Bizkit's music is just as predictable, complete with scratches, guitar squalls, and mosh-pit crescendos.
	There's little in the way of cohesion or artistic forethought here, and some of the tracks are just bad, though nothing is as surpassingly awful as lead single "Rollin'," its shout-outs overly reminiscent of "Bawitdaba."
	They have a saying around recording studios: you can't polish a turd. Well, thanks to producer Terry Date, Starfish just might be one of the shiniest pieces of pooh in the world of waste.
	The very concept of Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water might be brilliant if it was a work of absurdist art. But this album is just absurd.
	On the whole, Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water feels like an interminable groan, a harried hustle toward obsolescence. Rather than creating a cathartic requiem for, say, the impending dotcom depression, this turgid non-effort doesn't even live up to the mookish reputation refuted with such salacious fervor on "Take a Look Around."
	I think this is a great album. Mostly because it brings back good memories when it came out 9 years ago. Im surprised the album never got the I think this is a great album. Mostly because it brings back good memories when it came out 9 years ago. Im surprised the album never got the good reviews it deserved. There are some great songs on here.… Full Review »
	This album is stupid to such an extend! Limp Bizkit have been so far away from intelligent lyrics as the earth from planet Neptun. The factThis album is stupid to such an extend! Limp Bizkit have been so far away from intelligent lyrics as the earth from planet Neptun. The fact that Fred Durst said the f-word about 60 times (no exaggeration here!) in one single song (=Hot Dog) proves that. I don't absolutely deny that you can't make party to these music, I actually enjoyed 3 songs on here, but musically this album is such rubbish, I really can't understand how professional critics could give this CD such good average ratings. Whatever, it's not the worst album ever and they've got some nice guitar and drum parts on here, which makes this release a 3, which is quite good for Limp Bizkit standards.… Full Review »
	The only good thing I can say about this is that it's a little better than Results May Very. So go claim your freakin' door prize, guys.The only good thing I can say about this is that it's a little better than Results May Very. So go claim your freakin' door prize, guys. You're still an utterly awful band.… Full Review »
	