With Young Man In America, Anaïs Mitchell has created her second consecutive masterpiece.
	Marvellous.
	Young Man in America is born from sorrow, suffering, shattered dreams and incendiary youth "waiting on oblivion", yet it's one of the most life-affirming musical journeys you'll have all year.
	You have to be in the mood for Young Man In America but, when you are, you'll be rewarded by an absorbing album.
	Mitchell put a permanent stamp of approval on her already sparkling reputation with the gorgeous and striving Young Man In America.
	Those same giddy vocals, rusticated, old-timey arrangements and lyrics combine childlike reverie with an ancient sense of wisdom and dread make it equally magical and rewarding. [mar 2012, p.106]
	A sorrowful, yet captivating collection of songs, ensuring that Ms. Mitchell continues to snap at the heels of PJ Harvey in the female singer songwriter stakes.
	A remarkable, genre-defying album. [Mar 2012, p.86]
	A fierce, melodic affirmation of sadness and grief, love and lust, attachments formed both strong and precarious, Young Man in America is a marvel of a record from start to finish.
	A deeply affecting album which preserves everything that was so marvelous about her beloved folk-opera [Hadestown], and ultimately performs a very handsome job of keeping out of its vast shadow.
	Mitchell has done herself proud.
	A brilliant, highly original album.
	Young Man in America, is just as ambitious [as  her last release, Hadestown], but it's more intimate and accessible than its predecessor, focused on the textures of everyday life and the odd, stirring power of Mitchell's voice.
	It's expansive Americana/folk. It sounds great, with deep and spacious arrangements. The melodies are accessible and some are quite catchy,It's expansive Americana/folk. It sounds great, with deep and spacious arrangements. The melodies are accessible and some are quite catchy, but off-center enough not to be boringly predictable. As far as the lyrics... well, you probably won't feel deeply challenged by them, but if you're anything like me they'll manage to lodge themselves in your heart pretty quickly. Mitchell has a way of unfurling the story of a song in perfect synchrony with her song structures; 'Dyin' Day' is reminiscent of "The Wall" from her Hadestown album, in that it slowly builds a powerful lyrical idea using repetitive but evolving call-and response verses. That song is a highlight. Others include the title track, whose restless, hungry hero evokes immediate sympathy, and "Coming Down", a quiet and wistfully sad little tune. I will say that beyond those songs, none of the others have really grabbed me in the two days I've had to listen to it, but that might be because I have tracks 2-4 more or less on repeat. In the end I suppose I have to recommend Hadestown over this. But the three songs I mentioned above are really great, and absolutely worth the sticker price.… Full Review »
	It's really rare to find an individual with such a unique voice coupled with great lyrical abilities. Young Man In America is definitely worthIt's really rare to find an individual with such a unique voice coupled with great lyrical abilities. Young Man In America is definitely worth a listen.… Full Review »
	While Hadestown was a masterfully executed epic folk-opera, with Young Man in America, Anais Mitchell returns to a simpler, yet beautiful formWhile Hadestown was a masterfully executed epic folk-opera, with Young Man in America, Anais Mitchell returns to a simpler, yet beautiful form of story telling.  Because it is not so concept oriented, each song is more accessible in its own right, while still cohering beautifully into an album worthy of listening to from start to finish.  I think this is the perfect album to win over first-time listeners.  Recommended Tracks: "Wilderland," "Young Man in America," "Venus," "Tailor"… Full Review »
	