When it's all said and done, Tesfaye has presided over a mind bending, drug induced tour through an underground world of debauchery that only leaves him hollow. He commands the mood better than artists who have been in the game for years and yet this his first release.
	Here, the Weeknd thumbs its nose at mainstream R&B's hollow hedonism while simultaneously creating a flawless soundtrack to a blackout house party. What you should do with the track, ultimately, is press play.
	House of Balloons is a surprisingly strong and confident debut for a new artist.
	House of Balloons is a gorgeous album that pairs moody beats and samples with morbid lines about drugs and late-night encounters, all of it caulked with sex.
	The core of the album's success is its fantastic establishment of tonal environment--a brooding sexuality both sadistic and carnivalesque.
	What makes this whole thing work in an album context is that all the thematic and sonic pieces fit together-- these weird, morning-after tales of lust, hurt, and over-indulgence ("Bring the drugs, baby, I can bring my pain," goes one refrain) are matched by this incredibly lush, downcast music.
	House of Balloons is an album suspended in contradiction--a collection of sex jams tired of sex, or a paean to coke addled irretrievably by the same. It lacks dynamism because it has to; the Weeknd know nothing else, just that in every solid groove lurks the metronomic pulse of something waiting to die.
	House Of Balloons' hook is its canny incorporation of indie-rock attitude into R&B songs. But Tesfaye's lurid, unrepentant depiction of hard drugs and empty sex is what lingers long after the novelty of a couple of Beach House samples wears off.
	While overall House of Balloons carries a chilling vibe, it proceeds to rock the listener with exciting tempos and relaxing melodies that intertwine to form a beautiful piece of art.
	For what The Weeknd have produced, regardless of what genre it is or isn't, is a very good record.
	A startling debut from a young Canadian RnB artist with huge potential.
	The Weeknd have brought something much more, something much needed: something real. Kudos.
	Lyrically, the mood vacillates between confrontational and reflective, but House Of Balloons really soars when his blunt resolve collides with a more nuanced or gentle vocal delivery, creating a tension reminiscent of Aaliyah's clear-headed emotional states.
	The wormy hooks and earnest falsettos suggest the possibility of ginormous hits if Weeknd were to clean things up a bit, both lyrically and sonically. But let's hope that doesn't happen too soon.
	Despite being a free mixtape, House of Balloons feels like a true album, a true labor of love (and pain and hardship and everything else), more genuine than more prominent R&B stars, but perhaps that is due to The Weeknd's anonymity.
	It's no turning point in a field populated by dozens of elder space cadets and mood architects, from Massive Attack to Spacek to Sa-Ra. As a flawed first step from a young newcomer, however, it's impressive.
	This is quality, one of the best things ive heard in ages.  I cant quite work out why its so good, it just is and I cant stop listening to it.This is quality, one of the best things ive heard in ages.  I cant quite work out why its so good, it just is and I cant stop listening to it.  It kind of reminds me a bit of Massive Attack in their earlier days....  the Siouxie and the Banshees sample really works.  Its quality, best album of 2011 so far for me.… Full Review »
	It's a bit of a grower. Lyrically, the album doesn't stray much from themes of sex and drugs. Rather than seeming boastful, the pained vocalsIt's a bit of a grower. Lyrically, the album doesn't stray much from themes of sex and drugs. Rather than seeming boastful, the pained vocals and dark instrumentals lends these themes a hollow feeling. Early standouts include "Glass Table Girls," "Loft Music," and "What You Need." Overall, the album definitely isn't perfect. Some of the tracks are forgettable, and the singer's delivery rarely seems to vary throughout the album. Still, worth checking out.… Full Review »
	Without a doubt the best album of 2011 so far.  For an R&B album, it has a very raw feel to it, both lyrically and musically.Without a doubt the best album of 2011 so far.  For an R&B album, it has a very raw feel to it, both lyrically and musically. Â Tesfaye runs his voice through same vein we've come to know in most pop R&B, and for that The Weeknd seems to get less than a second listing to from many. Â Though there is nothing commercially appealing about House of Balloons and it'sÂ cadenceÂ measures out more Prince than Bruno Mars. Â Either way, once you give the album a chance, you might find it's hard to dig yourself out ofÂ Tesfaye's hole--and you probably won't want to.… Full Review »
	