6's & 7's is a hard album to deliver a final verdict. It's an album that was made for a very specific group, everyone else be damned, and so while I honestly can't say I'm a full fledged Techaholic, I do have to acknowledge that for many this album will be nothing short of epic.
	Tech has done everything in his power to reach out to the broadest fan base on All 6's and 7's by keeping it real and giving you something you can feel at the same time.
	All 6's and 7's doesn't disappoint as a well-balanced offering.
	Gimmicks abound on this dark carnival of an album, and if you can't hang with some murder talk and misogyny, it's best to stay away, but this fat, epic effort is still a swift thrill ride and doesn't bore despite its size.
	The album is the first test of Tech's ability to balance his new industry connections with the distinct style that his Technicians have become accustomed to over the years. Luckily, he reaches that marker without any real stumbles along the way.
	This album is exciting and promising: Tech N9ne seems to be filling his growing shoes gracefully.
	All 6's and 7's is an admirable attempt at balancing Tech's heavy-metal rep and hard-won maturity.
	No weak tracks. Insane beats. Insane lyrics. Insane flow. Great subject matter, variety and substances. There's deep stuff (Mama Nem), dopeNo weak tracks. Insane beats. Insane lyrics. Insane flow. Great subject matter, variety and substances. There's deep stuff (Mama Nem), dope stuff (Worldwide Choppers), crazy stuff (Am I A Psycho), and the songs about sex **** Food)... Nothing more to say, really.… Full Review »
	excellent album. i have listened to this album probably 50 times by now and i love it from start to finish. this is a real rap album. tech isexcellent album. i have listened to this album probably 50 times by now and i love it from start to finish. this is a real rap album. tech is one of a very select few rappers that i can listen too and honestly say "wow, i cant do that!" pure talent… Full Review »
	first of all id like to say that ive been listening to tech n9ne for over 10 years. it certainly has been a story of trials and tribulations.first of all id like to say that ive been listening to tech n9ne for over 10 years. it certainly has been a story of trials and tribulations. for a fan of an underground music artist, it makes me feel great to say that he's finally broken thru and gained attention. it'll only get better from here. this album is simply, amazing. its diverse, features quiet a few hall of fame rappers, as well as some new talent. since the mention of tech n9ne by lil wayne when he was in jail, tech's popularity began steamrolling. after listening to the album 6 times already within 40 hours.. all i can tell u is that if u are a tech fan, there is no way you will not like this album. i used to be obsessed with his underground music years ago, but as his new stuff  on kod, the gates mixed plate, seepage, bad season and now 6s and 7s.. tech is evolving and changing in amazing ways. his lyrics and flow never seem to amaze me and they never lack. im very happy that there is less krizz kaliko, and more features, such as lil wayne, t pain, snoop dogg, bob, busta rhymes, twista, yelawolf, e-40.. and the rest of his strange music label including his 2 newest recruits stevie stone and jay rock. his album returns a little bit to the dark side but its still enjoyable, flows well.. and as a matter of fact im about to listen to it again. TECH N9NE! highly recommended. i bought the cd / tshirt / mp3 / sticker preorder which the cd also comes autographed. minus shipping its a good cheap deal, and the shipping is def. worth tech hand signature. ive been telling everybody i know about this release trying to spread the word. if u dont know tech, know tech, and even like him, i highly suggest u give this a listen. as an independent label / artist.. this is one album that will be hard to top. long live the technicians… Full Review »
	