30 Seconds to Mars has managed to record an album that breathes life into the empty shell that corporate rock has become, and in reanimating an avenue of musical expression that has for many years been on its deathbed, has quite possibly offered the single best rock experience of 2002.
	Leto sounds more like Tool/A Perfect Circle frontman Maynard James Keenan than a member of the Screen Actors Guild--even if his lyrics are kind of space-case lame.
	30STM manage a high-minded space opera of epic scope befitting prog-rock prototypes Rush. [#9, p.142]
	The album has a polished sheen, but Leto's delivery of his earnest, sci-fi-tinged lyrics gets monotonous over the course of the album. [Dec 2002, p.96]
	The album is undone by Leto's baffling, pretentious poetry and the sanitized quality of the heavy guitars.
	Awesome album, not sure why people dislike it but at the same time that would make sense do to the fact that most people don't like this sortAwesome album, not sure why people dislike it but at the same time that would make sense do to the fact that most people don't like this sort of music. I liked this album, however we can't always be on pills like these sense we all need to get back to reality.… Full Review »
	I find Jared Leto's debut impressive. 30 seconds to Mars may be a bit rough around the edges but they sound as if they are on the verge I find Jared Leto's debut impressive. 30 seconds to Mars may be a bit rough around the edges but they sound as if they are on the verge of becoming a phenomenal and unforgettable band. They have "breathed life" back into the media circus that has forcefed us with trash like Britney Spears, Nelly and Linkin Park. Give 'em a shot Max… Full Review »
	Unfortunately, due to the ugly bias of mixed reviews that Metacritic has counted and the positive ones it hasn't, 30 Seconds to Mars' debutUnfortunately, due to the ugly bias of mixed reviews that Metacritic has counted and the positive ones it hasn't, 30 Seconds to Mars' debut eponymous album may put one off from giving it a go. Assured, this is the band's best album by far.Tinged with space rock mixed with prog that Mars seemed to ditch with their successors, 30 Seconds to Mars is a true rarity.… Full Review »
	