Leonard Cohen has made the best full album of his career (song for song, sound for sound, lyrical point for point; yes, this is true) and most certainly the best album of 2012.
	It is, in short, and as we might have expected, a work of genius.
	In an era of hype and hyperbole where such a word has lost its meaning, Old Ideas is in the truest sense a masterpiece.
	Give it its long chance and you'll find that Cohen's sense of humor alive and kicking from the first words.
	Fittingly, the album is all warmth, putting Cohen's improbably expressive smoker's purr in the middle of simple yet sumptuous instrumentation.
	The man in the suit still commands a room, telling tales of forgiveness, heaven, and alcohol. [3/10 Feb 2012, p.112]
	The new album is a willfully modest affair, its tracks stripped to their most basic elements: a synthesized keyboard and drum machine here, an acoustic guitar or violin there, meticulously arranged female voices everywhere as a counterpoint to Cohen's own increasingly cavernous growl.
	The lyrics on Old Ideas reach for the stark power of prayers, hymns and religious riddles.
	With simple, delicate moments of memorable poignancy such as Banjo or Amen, he has now made a late masterpiece.
	Still feisty after all these years, his entanglements with love and aging [are]documented with wicked wit and an attitude that is anything but sentimental.
	Old Ideas goes beyond serving as a solid-bookend, revealing the singer/songwriter's gifts to be entirely undiminished. [Mar 2012, p.83]
	Old Ideas remain a quietly surprising album, full of grace, full of sadness, but also, most importantly, full of life. [Mar 2012, p.90]
	Leonard Cohen sounds like a performer at the peak of his game. [Mar 2012, p.107]
	Old Ideas is the most musically considered Leonard Cohen album yet, and perhaps the first that sounds like the kind of thing you'd expect from an old master of the 1960s and 70s.
	Old Ideas is a very good Cohen album; it may be great, but only time reveals that when it comes to his work.
	Wonderfully unsentimental, beautifully tuneful.
	Old Ideas feels like you're hearing Cohen performing live at a small club with a top-notch band of veteran players, and this new level of intimacy suits him perfectly.
	He filters these gifts of poetry and keen observation through his bruised, romantic outlook, into a fully-formed album that sounds as if it was always in there, waiting to see the light of day. Or the darkness.
	He comes across as a man still deep in the throes of religious and romantic upheaval, invigorated rather than intimidated by the nearness of death.
	It is not wild hyperbole to say that he might be the finest master of his craft alive today.
	if it is to be his last communiqué, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging.
	An album that pores over the passing and the past with such defiant, deadpan nobility. [Feb 2012, p.78]
	All told, Old Ideas might be Cohen's strongest effort since taking Manhattan.
	Old Ideas is not the man's latter-day masterpiece but its title is as bluntly honest as any you'll see this year, in more ways than one.
	The sparse production recalls Cohen's 1988 release, "I'm Your Man," by throwing the Canadian balladeer's ever-deepening voice and his mix of poetic flair and pitch-black humor into satisfyingly stark relief.
	The 10-track album is heavily front-loaded--while the texture and tone remain relatively consistent, the writing "relaxes" a bit about halfway through, and there's little in the record's second half that's as intensely arresting as any of the aforementioned songs.
	The songs are decent, the singing is stunning.
	For all its flaws, Old Ideas remains Cohen's strongest work for some time.
	Old Ideas, however, succeeds in largely keeping the music subservient, buoyant enough to keep things moving but not distracting any attention from the lyrics, the true star of the show.
	There's a distinct valedictory tone to his customary musings upon life, love and the spirit, with one track titled "Amen" and another "The Darkness". But if it is to be his last communiqué, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging.
	Not to say Cohen is not an artist to be treasured, just that Old Ideas may not be entirely essential.
	The voices that accompany him here are by turns syrupy and overwrought, and they work less to melt the icy tenor of the singer's voice than to soften the tracks into complete mush.
	Leonard Cohen emerges like a specter from the shadows to deliver this gem of an album.  The arrrangements are minimal which allow the focus toLeonard Cohen emerges like a specter from the shadows to deliver this gem of an album.  The arrrangements are minimal which allow the focus to be entirely on Cohen's weathered voice as he sings about love, loss, longing, regret and salvation with the fervor and passion that artists half his age have trouble mustering up.  A true work of art.… Full Review »
	One of the best albums of 2012 already. Great music and lyrics,pure work of genius. At 77 years old Leonard Cohen is at his best. Don't missOne of the best albums of 2012 already. Great music and lyrics,pure work of genius. At 77 years old Leonard Cohen is at his best. Don't miss this masterpiece.… Full Review »
	Unlike most other Cohen albums, this one has some personality. The lyrics are thoughtful and meaningful, and the instrumentation is the bestUnlike most other Cohen albums, this one has some personality. The lyrics are thoughtful and meaningful, and the instrumentation is the best I've ever heard on a Cohen record. However, the production quality is abysmal, and there are a few tracks that slip back into the style of Dear Heather, which was terrible. On tracks like The Darkness, the groove is interesting and the organ solo is great. Cohen has some awesome moments on this LP, but he fails to keep the momentum for the entire album.… Full Review »
	