As brainless butt-shaking goes, it's still a pretty good ride. [20 Jan 2006, p.71]
	It's hard to take the band too seriously, but the songs are debaucherous fun. [14 Jan 2006]
	The music on the group's debut album... feels as if it was inspired by awkward adolescent feel-up LPs by the likes of Pat Benatar and Cheap Trick.
	Their gutsy spirit, while not "soul" exactly, does allow the band to dodge flippant dismissals of poseurhood. [Jan 2005, p.90]
	Granted, this stuff is far from cutting edge, but the album, produced by Gil Norton... has enough polish to make even the duller moments glint just a bit.
	By the end of the album, all the candy-coated excess might leave you feeling a little like Courtney Love after a heavy night.
	Morningwood still feels like calculated fluff, even if it's calculated fluff that's mildly fun.
	Calculated space-age power rock.
	Sure, Morningwood is trashy, enjoyable, and utterly insignificant entertainment, but so is shotgunning a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
	Instead of offering playful, engaging pop music, we get new wave retreads and a couple of rock journeymen and the whole thing comes off like an overgrown episode of MTV's "Making the Band".
	Morningwood does a great job at imitating, and they have spirit. But their spirit does not translate well to good listening, nor does it provoke the underwear-dancing and air guitar it hopes to achieve.
	Sounds like a band mashing all the current trends and ending up with nothing.
	Very bad. Only redeemable tracks are "Nth Degree" "Jetsetter" and "Televisor". After that, this album gets boring, bland, and very blah. NotVery bad. Only redeemable tracks are "Nth Degree" "Jetsetter" and "Televisor". After that, this album gets boring, bland, and very blah. Not worth buying or downloading. Save your time on this one.… Full Review »
	morning wood band / good sound of record. the album Nth degree i llove it. cool !!!++
	not bad at all. highly listenable, catchy, and something about the singer's voice is dead-on.
	