It is, quite simply, one of the essential albums of the year.
	Thunder, Lightning, Strike is simply amazing. It is filled with boundless, glorious noise, sewing together flamboyance, quirkiness, sturdy sampling, and a well-traveled feel that can take you anywhere you want to go.
	Full of exuberant, childlike pastiche pop. [7 Oct 2005, p.76]
	The Go! Team's eclectic soundclash makes us feel deliriously dizzy. [11 Sep 2004, p.53]
	Sounds like a mostly live interpretation of... The Avalanches' intricate party collages doubling as three-minute music history lessons. [#13, p.118]
	This is one of those rare albums where every single track is a keeper and killer hooks abound.
	It's so overwhelmingly happy and thrilling a musical statement that it would justify even a few more exclamation points.
	A challenge to even the most hardened depressive, Thunder, Lightning, Strike finds one way after another to shake new pleasures out of old material.
	Cinematic, fantastic, and essential to all who want their music larger than life and rambunctious, Thunder, Lightning, Strike is the kind of record that makes you glad to be alive.
	Think of it as a party invitation: it is as thrilling and original a debut as has come out this year, and one that leaves an ingenious sonic blueprint to build upon.
	Though they certainly do their fair share of sampling, they tend to use fragments as a means of fleshing out the battling, overdriven guitars, triumphant trumpet lines, and drum assaults that seem to break through walls with the barreling force of a thousand Kool-Aid men.
	Although by the record's second half the brassy, treble-kicked sound wears a little thin, there are enough gems to keep the release fresh through the end of its 35 minutes.
	"Thunder, Lightning, Strike" is an immensely derivative album, but one which cuts and pastes its influences in a strikingly original way. Chiefly, by piling them all on at once.
	I defy anyone not to seep happiness through the pores of their skin once in possession of this record.
	Ridiculously innovative.
	It’s all tons of fun, and is almost guaranteed to cheer you up with its overwhelming chirpiness.
	Thunder, Lightning, Strike was hailed as a pop masterpiece when it came out in the U.K. late last year, but clearing all the samples held up its U.S. release until now. Wait no longer.
	It sounds so damn joyous. [Nov 2005, p.134]
	Thunder, Lightning, Strike is for people who love music that hits them over the head with the sheer enjoyment of the human ability to rock.
	By the time "Everyone's a V.I.P. to Someone" brings Thunder, Lightning, Strike to cinematic closure, you're all out of breath and wanting to ride again.
	Like a deliriously evanescent pep rally from the Outer Limits.
	I’d imagine Thunder Lightning Strike will not age well nor reward a thousand listens, but for what it attempts to do, and succeeds, it’s worthy of attention.
	They cram in so many styles it could easily come across too clever, like a band that claims to be equally inspired by Wu Tang, Cheap Trick and Cher. It doesn't happen. The tracks have a life apart from the name-that-tune layering that drives their sound.
	What makes Thunder... such an easy-to-love affair is the schoolyard exuberance they ply their tunes with.
	They're like a five-member Polyphonic Spree wearing Urban Outfitters, jacked up on Jolt cola, and rocking out in their garage with a bunch of instruments bought from a pawn shop. [#7]
	great debut album from this group.  every song was good.   it was original and creative.  their sound is new and refreshing.  looking forwardgreat debut album from this group.  every song was good.   it was original and creative.  their sound is new and refreshing.  looking forward to downloading their new release.… Full Review »
	Huddle Formation's awesome.
	This CD is amazing. The mere catchyness that the songs have will bring the listener back and back for more Great music. If you want some This CD is amazing. The mere catchyness that the songs have will bring the listener back and back for more Great music. If you want some great pop melodies look no further than this album. TRUST ME (John D- TV tunes??? i hear music with melody.)… Full Review »
	