Many of these tunes sound like they could have been recorded at any point in his 17-year career - and that's great news for fans.
	Even without that tribute to the early days of hip-hop, Apollo Kids would still boast an ingratiatingly retro feel, as Ghostface returns to the soulful formula that served him so well on The Pretty Toney Album and Fishscale. Ghost never went anywhere, yet Kids feels like a comeback all the same.
	They [Ghostface and Wu-Tang Clan] are truly a hip-hop enigma, and Apollo Kids is just another piece of proof.
	If Apollo Kids is a warm-up, we can expect monster things from Ghost in the New Year.
	Apollo Kids shows that one of rap's company drivers is still on the speedway--zooming slightly slower than before, but with better pacing and control of the wheel.
	Ghostface can rest easy in the fact that Apollo Kids shows that the drop in quality on Wizard of Poetry  was just temporary, and amongst rappers who are 40-years-old or older, he's the definite champ. There aren't even many graying rockers making art as vital as Apollo Kids, radio play or not.
	If anything, Apollo Kids is the biggest reason to get excited about Ghost in years; putting out a seemingly rushed disc, he's outdone much of his recent work.
	When it's all said and done, Ghostface Killah treats Apollo Kids like a seasoned veteran would treat a game on the hardwood; he picks his spots, lets his teammates have their moments, and takes over when necessary. In that respect, Apollo Kids is another project we can tally up in Ghost's win column.
	If you still have a stomach for violent, vulgar content, this is recommended.
	Ghost has had his share of ups and downs, but Apollo Kids finds him back near the top.
	Apollo Kids feels just the slightest bit unfinished.
	Much like Raekwon on his 2009 landmark, Ghostface manages to steal the show despite the esteemed roll of guest spots. His rapid-fire delivery and blitz of sassy metaphors set a high-octane pace.
	It's a testament to Ghostface's MC bonafides and sheer force of personality that, while easily his weakest solo outing, Apollo Kids is far from a bad album. It just doesn't quite feel like a Ghostface Killah album.
	It's hard not to feel conflicted about Apollo Kids. Unlike Ghostface records that presumably get unfairly judged by the standards of his best work, it's tempting to overrate it due a general relief that he didn't try to make Ghostdini again.
	Apollo Kids definitely feels like a bit of an apology to his fans, and might be more accurately considered a stopgap, street album before Ghost's next labor of love.
	Ghostface Killah is so charismatic, he can brag about being an old coot and make it sound badass.
	Ghostface Killah's ninth album consoles his hardcore constituency: Forty-plus minutes of gritty, soul-sampling beats soundtracking bizarro street tales ("Starkology," "Ghetto"), with lyrical tough-guys Busta Rhymes, Redman, and more than half the Wu Tang Clan tagging along.
	A seamless transition from his critically acclaimed R'n'B album, Ghostface firmly salutes the classical hip-hop style that is absent fromA seamless transition from his critically acclaimed R'n'B album, Ghostface firmly salutes the classical hip-hop style that is absent from today's mainstream market with intimidating lyrics and typical vocal authority. The beats are aggressive, compressed hard and reflect Ghostface's larger than life persona, the samples effective (though unoriginal) are used stylistically as a subtext to genre and the mastering develops these elements by slamming them against your eardrums. Don't expect anything and you will be wowed, expect too much and you will still be pleased! Never one to disrespect the art, Ghostface Killah proves again that he is the greatest rapper alive paving the way for fellow New York MCs Nas & Raekwon to defeat him for the title. Artistically he develops on the styles of Drake and Lil Wayne while still providing the cultural substance that makes him such a powerful speaker. 10/10  97/100… Full Review »
	overall strong return for Tony Starks after the last few okay efforts.rhymes: off the chain 9.5/10beats: mostly good yet some are weakoverall strong return for Tony Starks after the last few okay efforts.rhymes: off the chain 9.5/10beats: mostly good yet some are weak 7.5/10guests: some are just incredibly dope (black thought, wu tang) and some need work (joell ortiz, jim jones) 8/10Overall: 8.5/10… Full Review »
	Simply a great all-around album from Ghostface Killah who doesn't stop to surprise us with the quality of the music he makes after a 18 yearsSimply a great all-around album from Ghostface Killah who doesn't stop to surprise us with the quality of the music he makes after a 18 years run in the game as a solo artist.… Full Review »
	