A maniacal slab of DIY punk rock ?
	This is decidedly not for those who require slick and flawless recordings. It's not particularly an album for those who demand sheer brilliance every step of the way, either. For all its sonic oddities, The Golden D doesn't always have songs that rise far beyond mere ambition.
	Whereas the first solo effort was somewhat lo-fi and reminiscent of Lou Barlow, Golden D, which is named after the musical chord, focuses on rock -- the hard and fast variety -- and suggests Sonic Youth and Sex Pistols.
	Sounds more like a toss-off by a drunk band in the studio.
	The Golden D is unconcerned with hanging together with any particularly musical coherence. [July 2000, p.102]
	It's not for everyone. It's certainly not for Blur fans of Country House vintage. Nor is it the best dinner party album in the world ever. But it's no knottier than 13 and in its own noisy way, great fun.
	An endearingly petulant collection of nasty hardcore guitar tunes.
	it paints crudely and schematically a portrait of the artist as messed-up, disillusioned, self-indulgent twerp with an unhealthy appreciation of the mid-'80s US guitar underground, whose demo-quality doodlings (Graham plays, sings, produces and paints everything. And all to a rather average standard) should probably have never seen the light of day.
	Too often Coxon's sketches-in-song come off as coy experiments -- fascinating to himself, perhaps, but holding little interest for those of us outside the lab.
	It's hard to imagine The Golden D as having much of an impact.
	He's gotten the Chicago basement vibe down exactly right... What's missing are songs -- instead, we get sketches, riffs and doodles.
	A largely useless excuse for a bored millionaire to air out his late-night bedroom recordings at the expense of the kids.
	The Golden D' is Coxon's second stab at recording the most pointless album of all time and rest assured he's getting there.
	Graham's such a character. He's shy and yet he spews forth such angry squiggles on his guitar. It's not perfect, but it's Graham's such a character. He's shy and yet he spews forth such angry squiggles on his guitar. It's not perfect, but it's a stack better than all that punk pop and emo out there.… Full Review »
	This is pure gold.
	