It's de-lovely.
	Kisses on the Bottom is a winner from beginning to end.
	The music ... floats over you like a light mist on a cool spring morning in an English garden as the sun glints through the haze.
	It sounds like a romantic gift to his new wife and a sentimental salute to his own childhood--a minor gem from a major talent.
	This album is made with care, love and expertise and it shows on every song. [Mar 2012, p.80]
	Remind[s] you just what a good singer the rocking knight can be. And after years of personal and professional earnestness, he sounds like he's having fun.
	It's beautifully done, with palpable affection for the songs, airy whimsy and perhaps a hint of mischief.
	Throughout the tunes, you can hear that McCartney loves the language of the old songs. He enjoys the phraseology, tickles and teases each lyrical phrase. You can hear that he's waited forever to do as much such as this.
	The album works because McCartney treats the material with respect, exuding charm by the bucket-load. [Mar 2012, p.94]
	It's got a sweet, easy intimacy.
	It's warmly, immaculately recorded, featuring a wealth of tasty cocktail pop atmosphere perfect for sipping wine on the couch late at night or reclining with a book in a bay window on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It's fine, it's dandy, and it's completely inessential.
	Kisses on the Bottom is a respectable collection from a pop mastermind.
	The album is inconsequential.
	As a vocalist, this may not be his natural forte, but he takes great care with the songs, and that palpable love is enough to make Kisses on the Bottom worth a spin or two.
	Kisses on the Bottom may only get you about halfway there, flowers in hand wondering whether a second date is on the cards, unsure if that's even what you want at all.
	McCartney is better transforming influences than mirroring them.
	Here they sound like preludes to a nice cup of tea and an afternoon nap.
	These songs are meant to swing, but McCartney lets them plod.
	Such relaxed saunters down musical memory lane have been done before, and often better.
	Gentle on the ears and soft on the heart, Kisses might be of no greater or lesser consequence than an easygoing golf outing among friends or a weekend spent digging a garden near the back fence, but its pleasures, though small and sleepy, can be gratifying.
	He has always played it warm and safe, but in this album, he is playing it warmer and safer than ever....Lukewarm this album is, indeed.
	His usually formidable voice could have saved it, but he often sounds like he's struggling to hit the notes.
	These standards have a lot still to say--if only they sang a little more potently here.
	The lite-jazz treatment of standards on Kisses on the Bottom seems like a misstep.
	Sir Paul McCartney has made an utterly forgettable, featherweight record designed primarily to appeal to Sir Paul McCartney.
	Suggests that McCartney lacks anyone to tell him when he's had a terrible idea.
	This album is something very special for me, and I didn't know it would be until I listened to it. It made me remember my early years spentThis album is something very special for me, and I didn't know it would be until I listened to it. It made me remember my early years spent running around my grandparentsâ… Full Review »
	Sir Paul's passion for these ancient love tunes is the driving force in his vocal performance on this album, which is an admiral trait thatSir Paul's passion for these ancient love tunes is the driving force in his vocal performance on this album, which is an admiral trait that makes it difficult to anyone to criticize the dragged-down pace and tone.… Full Review »
	I, being  a huge Beatles and Paul McCartney fan, naturally showed curiosity for this album. I was shocked to hear that it was all jazz styleI, being  a huge Beatles and Paul McCartney fan, naturally showed curiosity for this album. I was shocked to hear that it was all jazz style songs. At first I was disappointed but I got used to these songs and have learned to like them. All in all, it was pretty good.… Full Review »
	