Layus still sings them like they're gospel verses, channeling enough sincerity and bold self-assurance to make up for the fact that he's the umpteenth person to compare his love to an ocean. This is the band's best album to date. Looks like the third time's the charm, boys.
	In short, Augustana is every Top 40 radio programmer or licensing supervisor's dream disc. [May 2011, p.92]
	Although Augustana may not be the year's most cutting-edged release, it is full of strong, if not extraordinary material, which is sure to leave an indelible impression on admirers of pop/rock.
	Whether they're able to find their niche and create a sound that best exemplifies those talents in the future remains to be seen.  In the meantime, we'll have to cope with another unfulfilling outing from Augustana.
	Augustana sound bored and weather-beaten to death on their self-titled, and if this is how the true Augustana sounds, then it's fair to say that they're far and away past their prime and could consider calling it quits.
	The listener is left with a couple handfuls of mid-tempo ballads that fail to even qualify as guilty pleasures. [May 2011, p.88]
	As in the other review, the first time i listened to this, I said to myself "this is augustana?" They sound completely different, and not in aAs in the other review, the first time i listened to this, I said to myself "this is augustana?" They sound completely different, and not in a good way. The piano is pretty much non existent, and all the songs sound the same. The lyrics sound like they were aimed at teenage girls. Saying augustana sold out would be an understatement. There's no passion with this cd, it's like they made a cd for the record company. The days of Boston, Empty Days, Fire, and Twenty Years are long gone, and they're most likely never coming back.… Full Review »
	At first listen I was like "wait, this is augustana?" because their sound has changed since their last album. After having it for a few monthsAt first listen I was like "wait, this is augustana?" because their sound has changed since their last album. After having it for a few months now and listening to it a lot, I can say it is superb. Every song strikes me in a different way. On their previous albums there were only a few select songs that did that for me. "shot in the dark" is my favorite track off this album cause it speaks directly to me. It reminds me of my aspirations and future, as I just graduated High School. The only issue I have is that every song (or most of them) is about love in some way. Not a huge deal I know, but they could vary their song writing a little more. Still my 2nd favorite band!… Full Review »
	