Its power and poise never ceases for 90 wonderful minutes.
	With Kill For Love, it almost feels like the man's true thesis, as if he's strung together all his ideas, feelings, and sounds into one colossal being that acts less like an album and more like a highly organized archive.
	This is a modern masterpiece, it's as simple as that.
	Johnny Jewel's trademark retro-futuro-electro production sound underpins this 16-track set with a dreamy, after-the-afterparty atmosphere that feels like it could go on all night long.
	It's not just a collection of hits; it's an album, one that gives the project's familiar nocturnal foreboding a new sense of grandeur.
	Kill for Love is also one of the finest records to surface this year.
	If Kill For Love doesn't make you a Chromatics believer, nothing will.
	Kill for Love is a great tribute to the grueling power of fatigue, an album that turns a dearth of ideas into a virtue.
	The album [has] a weave and flow that makes incredible sense. With a clear opening and finale, upbeat moments and downbeat ones, romance, tragedy, and plot twists, Kill for Love feels less like an album and more like a feature film.
	It's not quite a masterpiece, but its successes are both grand and numerous enough to suggest that the next time Chromatics come around, they'll likely be delivering one.
	This is a sexy album.
	It's a keeper, a dark passenger for long roads ahead and a heavyweight contender for record of the year.
	Kill for Love may not be nearly as focused and razor-sharp as Night Drive, but it's twice as much fun and just as confidently personalized--just as purely Chromatics.
	It's a handsome work, but it really could have done with a bit of judicious editing.
	Kill For Love keeps in this spirit, playing with the attention to detail of an art-house movie (and a near 1½-hour running time).
	Kill For Love matures with each listen, and there's enough craftsmanship at work to more than compensate for the more listless moments.
	The ambience is fine enough, but it's probably worth just waiting for the movie.
	Lacking a clear story arc or point of catharsis, Kill for Love drifts off into its own gorgeous gloom.
	A soaring, majestic and unique masterpiece. This is an album that makes you feel nostalgic, melancholic and euphoric at the same time, onlyA soaring, majestic and unique masterpiece. This is an album that makes you feel nostalgic, melancholic and euphoric at the same time, only Radiohead's In Rainbows had ever had that kind of effect on me. At well over an hour it still didn't drag at any point for me as I found myself totally immersed throughout its run.… Full Review »
	This album has been a favourite of mine for a long time. It's a journey, it's like watching a movie, a long and dramatic one. There's aThis album has been a favourite of mine for a long time. It's a journey, it's like watching a movie, a long and dramatic one. There's a vintage feel coming from the eighties, but also a seventies way of connecting the tracks between them. Melodies are nostalgic, sad and there's a constant feeling of detachment. The climax of the album is the fifteenth track There's alight out on the horizon, a song I highly recommend to get a general idea of the mood of the record.… Full Review »
	A dreamy, nicely recorded dream pop journey that starts in a lovely, seductive world and ends up driving you batty if you take the ride andA dreamy, nicely recorded dream pop journey that starts in a lovely, seductive world and ends up driving you batty if you take the ride and keep your hands inside the vehicle at all times.… Full Review »
	