If it's lowest-common-demon heavy rawk you crave, Life awaits. [28 Nov 2003, p.125]
	Fails to whip up much excitement.
	They skated by the first time through, due to a couple of fluke catchy songs, but they have no hooks or full-fledged songs this time around, and suffer dramatically because of it.
	Without the blue-eyed soul conviction of the original, it's enough to make even second-tier grunge has-beens like Seven Mary Three seem like innovators. [Dec 2003, p.145]
	They cook up an almighty storm, but as winds go, it's rather hollow. [Feb 2004, p.105]
	These hammerheads still sound like the touring company of Grunge-a-Mania. [Jan 2004, p.100]
	Third-rate grunge retreads stuffed with overdriven guitars and generic rock-dude melancholia.
	I thought this album was just average. It wasn
	In the early 2000's there was a huge craze involving ever band trying to emulate the sound and style of Nirvana. The very  offender to comeIn the early 2000's there was a huge craze involving ever band trying to emulate the sound and style of Nirvana. The very  offender to come from this is Puddle Of Mudd. Unlike any previous  innovative grunge band Puddle Of Mudd is as ordinary and boring as... well, a puddle of mud. This album in particular is the very worst this band had to offer. This could e the worst I have ever heard or at least in the running for the worst. I have never listened to something that  gives me a negative physical reaction until I listened  this. After sitting through the entire thing I want the sound of POM away from me as much as possible. The sound generic riffs and melodies hits you head over heals. It's like the studio felt the had nothing left left to lose so they allowed this abomination reach the general public. This music will spin you around and smack you the sound of pure mediocre nonsense. My mind was already gone three minutes after pressing play. I can't think of a worse listening experience I have had. This is the very bottom of what the human race can achieve musically and should be seen as a freak of the world. Let it be known from San Francisco to Sydney how terrible it is. I wish I could say time flies while listening to this, but alas I can't. I should get a medal for being ale to listen to the whole thing and still have the sanity to write a review about it.… Full Review »
	Cradle of Crap.
	