Believe it or not, though, they've got the right stuff.
	Surprisingly, it’s a light and catchy bunch of convincing hip-hop- and R&B-influenced Timberlake-esque club pop.
	While the New Kids are definitely capable of making a great album (seriously...if you’re an R&B or pop fan, go to a used record store or half.com and pick up a copy of 1994’s "Face the Music"--you’ll be very pleasantly surprised), this album is only great in spots.
	There's a lot to like on The Block, even if it doesn't stand a chance of being heard as anything so simple.
	The Block falters when the New Kids try to have it both ways.
	Most of The Block is a reasonable enough approximation of faceless club pop, complete with standard-issue guest stars (the Pussycat Dolls, Timbaland) and out-of-left-field rap bridges.
	The Block bears no distinguishing marks aside from a compulsion for sex, sex, sex with a lover whose name, apparently, is Girl.
	Proficient and predictably salacious.
	Good or bad, everything here sounds like a lesser version of someone else.
	The catchiest tune on The Block is ‘Summertime’, and in dignity terms it’s Cohen-meets-Waits compared to their hyperactive teen-pop of old.
	The problem facing New Kids on the Block on their 2008 reunion The Block is the same one they had on their last album, 1994's "Face the Music": the quintet are no longer kids and don't quite know how to be adults.
	Like "Red Carpet Massacre," The Block is proof that it requires more than the best producers and songwriters to make good pop music
	Its just "OK". Seriously, Face the Music is still one of the best R&B/Pop albums around. Whether you like the New Kids or not, measure their Its just "OK". Seriously, Face the Music is still one of the best R&B/Pop albums around. Whether you like the New Kids or not, measure their careers on that album, because their other material doesn't even come close.… Full Review »
	This truly is a great album! A tremendous show of how they have matured and their music has as well. It's one great song after another. This truly is a great album! A tremendous show of how they have matured and their music has as well. It's one great song after another. I have tricked my husband & friends by making them hear the songs before telling them who it's performed by and every one of them loved what they heard!… Full Review »
	Incredible. Give these KIDS a chance.
	