Faith takes every single ounce of her experiences and infuses them into her music. It results in one hell of a theatrical roller-coaster ride that holds attention from beginning to end.
	The overall mood of the album feels a bit broken and battered, but comes off too polished to let that feeling drive home.
	What sets her apart is a nasal, high-pitched quality to her voice, which puts a fresh spin on what is otherwise a familiar format by now. [Nov 2009, p.104]
	Her protestations of otherness ring hollow when her music is so specious and bland.
	Her voice is a capable blend of vibrato and latterday R&B melisma, but also suggests a diffusion-range Amy Winehouse - something exacerbated as processed show-tune verses often leap into artless pop choruses. [Dec 2009, p. 96]
	This time the Mickie Most-omatic (phasers set to Winehouse) has dredged up someone so inauthentic she makes Duffy look like Johnny Cash.
	Ok, this album is not a masterpiece, but there are some very good songs in it: "Stargazer", "Upside Down", "Play On" and "New York" forOk, this album is not a masterpiece, but there are some very good songs in it: "Stargazer", "Upside Down", "Play On" and "New York" for example. She also has talent and a beautiful voice, so i don't get why it has just a 51!… Full Review »
	A tuneful pop album. The talented singer (don't be put off by the fact that she has come from acting. She really has a good voice) hasA tuneful pop album. The talented singer (don't be put off by the fact that she has come from acting. She really has a good voice) has produced an album which has expectations; which it fulfils. While it doesn't take many risks, the songs are interesting and catchy, and her soulful voice fits extremely well. The epic sound that makes us feel that her music is performed by a great big band is something many artists and bands wish for; the only ones I've noticed manage it well are Kasabian, Within Temptation and Nightwish. The fact that she has managed it in a Pop album, rather than an alternative or operatic rock album is some feat.Highlights include Stone Cold Sober, New York and Upside Down, which coincidentally are three of the singles she has released from the album. She also puts some effort in more ballad-esque tracks such as Stargazer and Play On, this album seems to be able to please every emotion i wish to take from it.8/10. Why? I bought it on exactly the same day as I bought Lungs by Florence + The Machine. This album, in comparison, falls slightly short of extremely amazing songs. This may not seem fair to judge the album by, but it just shows that in comparison, things can appear of higher or lower qualities. It is a fault in the human mind.… Full Review »
	