New History Warfare has enough range that it seems to have opened up a whole new fanbase that might otherwise have no interest in avant-garde music.
	Feels like music I've been subconsciously craving without even knowing it exists.
	It's the solo work that's so impressive: simultaneously exhilarating and exhausting.
	Stetson's transcendent and muscular ability to layer sound, breath, and rhythm in a meditative compositional style sticks with you long after Judges is over.
	In Stetson's hands, the sax is no longer an expressive medium or even a madman's toy, but an artisanal tool, a machinic assemblage, designed for catching and releasing cosmic powers.
	New History Warfare 2 is superfine, breathtaking, at once unnervingly exploratory and highly accessible, a record which leaves you grasping in vain for adequate reference points and peer comparisons.
	New History Warfare Vol. 2: Judges is an album of somber beauty, its flashes of color existing amidst a broad spectrum of grays.
	The album's impenetrable surfaces grow haunting after numerous listens: Stetson may never garner mainstream recognition like his Arcade Fire pals, but he proves undeniably compelling in his uncompromising musicality.
	The album has a little something for everyone, from the electronic skronk of "Awake On Foreign Shores" and the Dark Lights' remix "The Stars In His Head" to the gentle, Bachian minute-long dirge, "All The Days I've Missed You."
	This album and a few videos of Stetson playing (the guy is a monster) will probably be enough to convince most people that he's a genius, but you don't need to be that smart yourself to appreciate what is probably 2011's most unique album.
	This review could have been written a year ago when I found this album. One person and one instrument really shouldn't be able to make theThis review could have been written a year ago when I found this album. One person and one instrument really shouldn't be able to make the music that he does on "From no part of me can I summon a voice." It is really the most radiant and brightest thing I've ever heard in my 34 years on this planet.… Full Review »
	