The band has quietly crafted some of the best singles of the '90s...
	Reduced to a tuneful 18-song essence that watches too much television, their mildness seems diverting and their Englishness definitive.
	Musically, the group goes way beyond Britpop, a movement largely of its own invention, to survey Burt Bacharach-style suavity on "The Universal" and "To the End," hedonistic dance pop on "Girls and Boys," and Lennon-esque soul-baring on "Tender."
	The Best of Blur serves as a document for an astonishingly consistent career full of hits over in Britain.... As with any retrospective, the track listing isn't going to please anyone.... Still, it's hard to argue with the material that made it to this record. The disc, though not sequenced in chronological order, covers all facets of Blur's career.
	The only complaints involve omissions. Four of five singles between '92 and '94 (among them the minor American hit, "Bang") aren't here, which bypasses the band's crucial early development and leaves only one song from Modern Life, the punchy "For Tomorrow." On the other hand, the disc could easily have shed at least one of its five offerings from Parklife -- most noticeably the title track.
	And "dazzling" isn't really hyperbole -- based on these 18 songs, Blur isn't just the best pop band of the '90s, with greater range and depth than their peers, they rank among the best pop bands of all time. The Best of Blur illustrates that, even as it misses some of their best moments -- omissions that prevent it from being the flat-out classic it should be. Even so, it's pretty damn terrific, particularly for the unconverted.
	It's all pretty essential stuff.
	The only disappointment is the one new song, "Music Is My Radar," a rather pallid foray into disco.
	Blur have had many more than 18 hits; certainly there are sufficient omissions to form the bulk of a second disc.
	The album title is great, because in fact, this is the best of Blur. Here you have everything you need to start with Blur, the best band ofThe album title is great, because in fact, this is the best of Blur. Here you have everything you need to start with Blur, the best band of the 90's. So, if you don't want the individual albums just pick this one.… Full Review »
	This is a great introduction, however, individual albums such as Parklife, 13, and Think Tank are albums you must hear.
	This album features some great hits and is an excellent introduction to the bands impressive legacy in the britpop scene. Concluding with aThis album features some great hits and is an excellent introduction to the bands impressive legacy in the britpop scene. Concluding with a live concert bit at the end makes this well worth money.… Full Review »
	