The songwriting here is routinely top-notch, the album gaining impact as it plays and the moods shift imperceptibly.
	Everything combines to enrich, enliven and add texture to the band's wild aesthetic, which is unlike anything else you're going to experience this year.
	They're taking everything they have at their disposal and mixing it all together, creating something undeniably unique and fantastic.
	It feels effortless. Even after repeated listening it somehow grows on you.
	Unabashedly geeky and seam-splittingly stuffed with retro-futuristic flourishes, it's an utterly delight. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.129]
	Smart guys, smart record.
	This handsome debut bristles with ideas that could lead to some truly remarkable music later on. [Mar 2012, p.89]
	An album that's consistently mind-melting and often brilliant. [Feb 2012, p. 106]
	Fresh, inventive and likely to be one of the more promising releases of 2012.
	Smart but not showy, clever but never at the expense of a catchy hook, this is 'indie' par excellence.
	It's a dream of the psychedelic tropics, a heady explosion of colours, an album that takes what it means to be 'in an indie band' and gives it a good shake.
	Django Django confound because they sound gloriously, unpredictably new, but also recall past bands and sounds gone. [Feb 2012, p.98]
	One of the joys of Django Django is that even though it's rendered in two basic colors-- natural and synthetic-- the scenarios it conjures are significantly more multifaceted.
	Django Django is an infectious, pretentious, mess of a disc that's high moments far outweigh the mundane ones.
	Despite the wildly ambitious flourishes, it's Django Django's sense of restraint that allows the album to channel not just the sound of The Beta Band, but charm as well.
	While it doesn't quite live up to their early hype, it's still an encouraging first offering, suggesting that they might do with album number two.
	[They] take a light, spry approach to their groove-centered music, which is experimental but never dour.
	It's the perfect embodiment of their character delivered at an often frantically infectious pace.
	Django Django are at their best when their sounds are at their gnarliest.
	The result is a vibrant 13-song album that is overlaid with chanted lyrics that sometimes turn dull.
	Borderline silly at times, it is nonetheless a carefully crafted piece of work with a distinctive sound.
	Sometimes Django Django's ingredients cohere into an actual song, but a lot of the Scottish quartet's self-titled debut album is frustratingly sketchy.
	One thing you can assuredly say about Django Django is that they are unique. Its a really classy and original album with peppy songs filledOne thing you can assuredly say about Django Django is that they are unique. Its a really classy and original album with peppy songs filled with so many different sounds giving indie rock a whole new dimension. Hail bop has vocals which leads onto the trance territory and its melodic while being beat heavy. Default is fun and catchy. Storm has one of the best hooks I've heard in a long time.… Full Review »
	I love this album for great tracks like Hand of Man, Love's Dart, Storm and others (possibly all of them, really) and I love the way the wholeI love this album for great tracks like Hand of Man, Love's Dart, Storm and others (possibly all of them, really) and I love the way the whole thing hangs together. You can play this in the background or you can crank it and sing along. Some of the lyrics may be silly but others are really resonant. Certainly in the running for album of the year.… Full Review »
	It's not often that I love an album right away and play it over and over.  I wish I could comment on Pitchfork's less than stellar 7.2 rating.It's not often that I love an album right away and play it over and over.  I wish I could comment on Pitchfork's less than stellar 7.2 rating.  Obviously, Pitchfork needs some better critics.… Full Review »
	