It's the showcase of a confident singer successfully diversifying. [9 Feb 2007, p.72]
	For the most part, Children Running Through is Griffin at her most complete, using elements from her favorite genres to support simple songs that follow the up-sloping contours of her phenomenal voice.
	Children Running Through is Patty Griffin's masterpiece thus far.
	Overall, this dynamic collection has something unexpected at every turn. [10 Feb 2007]
	Suffice to say that if you have enjoyed Griffin's repertoire of considered and emotionally precise songs -- as fans from the Dixie Chicks to Solomon Burke to Jessica Simpson have -- you will find your life enriched by "Children Running Through."
	An astonishing piece of work.
	Her most musically diverse and accessible album yet.
	She has blossomed into one of contemporary folk's most enchanting voices.
	Fancy up her surroundings all you want, but like another transcendent, intuitive singer-Van Morrison, in whose company she belongs-it's the way she sings... that defines her greatness, as lonely as it might be.
	Her songwriting here... demonstrates a depth and majesty previously absent in her work. [Mar 2007, p.82]
	Sorrowful and stately, Griffin's voice is a startlingly expressive instrument. [May 2007, p.125]
	[She] displays the true grit of a younger Bonnie Raitt.
	The production and arrangements truly shine, showcasing Griffin in a new way, one that discards the easy (and limiting) concept of Griffin as a songwriter’s songwriter, and which places the spotlight back on her ability to perform.
	Big Patty fan, didn't care for this album. Of course, I long for the Living With Ghosts/Flaming Red era. Alas, this album is (agreed) Big Patty fan, didn't care for this album. Of course, I long for the Living With Ghosts/Flaming Red era. Alas, this album is (agreed) short on melody and more sparse in its lyrics, unlike most Patty Griffin albums which are very relatable.… Full Review »
	"Childredn Running Through" is a beautiful album with subtle exquisite melodies and somber lyrics....It would even pass for a chamber-goth "Childredn Running Through" is a beautiful album with subtle exquisite melodies and somber lyrics....It would even pass for a chamber-goth album if it weren't for Ms. Griffin's slight country twang. I listened to it lying down quietly, and there are so many things to absorb in the album. It needs maybe one or possibly two stronger songs, but that is just nit-picking. It is a lovely, beautiful record that would hold its own in anyone's CD or record collection.… Full Review »
	Listening to this record reminded me of Neko Case's "Fox Confessor Brings the Flood". I felt both of the albums create a very private Listening to this record reminded me of Neko Case's "Fox Confessor Brings the Flood". I felt both of the albums create a very private atmosphere, but Case for me captures it so gracefully. I still enjoy this album very much. First time listener.… Full Review »
	