Between Rahman's "Slumdog pop" on Mahiya (deluxe edition), Marley's melodic island jam, Miracle Worker, and Stone's vocal acrobatics fluttering around Jagger and Stewart and adding big choruses to Energy, the album's all over the place and never dull.
	If the songs sometimes feel a bit undercooked, the spirit is dazzling.
	This collaboration between one unequivocal superstar and four bright lights from disparate fields--Mick Jagger, Dave Stewart, Joss Stone, Damian Marley and A.R. Rahman--yields enough inspired results to ward off fears of any cross-cultural train wrecks.
	If SuperHeavy never quite answers that question [What the f--- is going on?], the group certainly has fun dodging it in bluesy soul-rock jams smeared with reggae grooves and Bollywood strings.
	The quintet's debut is pretty good fun, fusing Stones-y raunch with brash Caribbean rhythms.
	At its least enjoyable, however, you're struck--not for the first time in Jagger's extracurricular oeuvre--by a sense of star-studded pointlessness.
	Perhaps if the album actually had some kineticism to its eclecticism, or at least a hook or a tune, it would earn its wannabe evangelism, but the untrammeled indulgence turns this into a gaudy multicolored circus.
	[Songs swerve] between undistinguished reggae, so-so pop and indistinct blues-rock. [Nov 2011, p.92]
	"SuperRandom" might be a better name. [Nov 2011, p.98]
	An almost total lack of good songs constitutes the album's basic problem. Once that's understood, the record becomes sort of entertaining: gaudy, vacuous, densely mannered.
	The sad fact about supergroups is that they are rarely the result of any musical imperative. This is painfully confirmed on the debut offering from the alliance of Mick Jagger, Dave Stewart, Joss Stone, Damian Marley and A R Rahman, on which the assembled talents cast around for a style of their own without ever unearthing the natural chemistry on which great bands rely.
	Rather than synthesizing these various styles, they sound like they're working at cross-purposes, with every component so errantly fitted with the rest that SuperHeavy sounds schizophrenic.
	Most of SuperHeavy is frankly unlistenable, lacking even the professionalism and solid chops of late-period Stones records.
	The combination of reggae, drivetime rock and Bollywood orchestration may work beautifully elsewhere, but not here--and Stone's soulful noodling only makes matters worse.
	Everything Mick Jagger touches turns to **** unless Keith Richards is there to turn it back to gold. Actually, I do really like this album,Everything Mick Jagger touches turns to **** unless Keith Richards is there to turn it back to gold. Actually, I do really like this album, minus all the parts with Mick singing. Although he sounds like good ole 70's him in Never Going to Happen. Listen to Miracle Worker; it's is probably the best sample from this album.… Full Review »
	Rare is an album that I listen to repeatedly from the start, and this is one of them ! I sincerely get the vibe that they are having fun,Rare is an album that I listen to repeatedly from the start, and this is one of them ! I sincerely get the vibe that they are having fun, which isn't often to come across musically, with a great blend of music styles and voices. I have song preferences, but the more I listen to it, these change. Take a listen and see what you think.… Full Review »
	