The songs get the gravity and mystery they've earned.
	Since Ferrari Boyz doesn't mark the reemergence of Gucci, it's best viewed as a warm-up for Flocka's previously-mentioned sophomore effort.
	Ferrari Boyz often sounds like a Waka Flocka solo disc that features Gucci Mane on every single song. Between the duo, Waka's lines tend to be the ones that stick with you the most.
	If it's possible to go through the motions while still mostly shouting, Ferrari Boyz would be a prime example.
	Gucci spews absurd, nihilistic imagery that demands attention, while Waka's penchant for repetition and siren-call ad libs can be magnetic.
	Spanning 16 tracks, 1017 Bricksquad Presents: Gucci Mane & Waka Flocka Flame – Ferrari Boyz gets redundant at times, but it features more studs ("PacMan,") than duds ("Mud Musik").
	The production of South and Lex carry the majority of the hour long album, and I do mean carry, because I doubt I could get through this otherwise. If you can stand a strong absence of talent on the basis of the beats alone then you're probably going to enjoy Ferrari Boyz a hell of a lot.
	Without many radio-worthy cuts and both Shawty Redd and Drumma Boy going through their B-list of beats, Ferrari Boyz isn't impactful enough to make it past the already converted, but that "street release" tag should have already given that up.
	There are no surprises here, no growth shown, but the one thing worth crediting to Gucci and Waka is their consistency – the audience will know what to expect, and as long as that is all that they expect, their expectations will be fulfilled.
	The tracks are pale imitations of the hyperspeed high-hat-and-bass sound Luger originated - fitting accompaniment for two MCs coasting by.
	This album is terrible. Even though I don't really like Trap Music. I felt like Flockaveli was a better album than this in all aspects acrossThis album is terrible. Even though I don't really like Trap Music. I felt like Flockaveli was a better album than this in all aspects across the board.… Full Review »
	This album has blown me away. Always and forever with the Trap Music. Brick Squad to Coke Boyz!!! Hope they stay like this and keep going withThis album has blown me away. Always and forever with the Trap Music. Brick Squad to Coke Boyz!!! Hope they stay like this and keep going with the movement.… Full Review »
	I use to hate Trap Music. But after listening to French Montana, Waka Flocka & Gucci mane I fell in love with it. This album is a masterpiece.I use to hate Trap Music. But after listening to French Montana, Waka Flocka & Gucci mane I fell in love with it. This album is a masterpiece. Gucci & Waka need More albums. Gucci Burrr… Full Review »
	