He's still solid with the flow and constructs rhymes that are both interesting and intense, making The Seventh Seal a worthy purchase and return for a man who was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, God without end--Rakim. Amen
	He sounds as raw and vital as ever. [Feb 2010, p. 105]
	Overall, the God MC can still carry the throne as one of the greatest rappers of all time, but he'll need stronger production the next time around.
	He still commands the discipline, skills and microphone presence he brought to hip-hop in the 1980s. But if he’s only going to get around to releasing one album per decade, it should be more than a holding action.
	This album still falls way short of what it could be, and I have to wonder how this even happened.
	The Seventh Seal is perhaps the most stale, thoroughly unremarkable album of 2009, and confirms a sad fact: Some comebacks are better left unexecuted.
	Suffice to say there's nothing very compelling here, though Seventh Seal is made interesting by the paucity of Rakim's material.
	Too bad that the production here is decidedly mortal.
	The Seventh Seal is a record that’s been made a hundred times or more--one that attempts to save rap while rocking beats that prove the producers aren’t sure what rap’s current state is.
	This record, though not awful by any means, is simply not up to the standards set by the God MC.
	This is a very good album. The lyrics are good and he stays on topic in all of the songs. The beats are good and fit the subject matter of This is a very good album. The lyrics are good and he stays on topic in all of the songs. The beats are good and fit the subject matter of the songs. People who are giving this album low ratings really need to sit an listen more closely to the beats and lyrics.… Full Review »
	as a long time fan of Rakim. the production doesn't stand out on this like his previous albums. his lyrical prowess however remains flawless.as a long time fan of Rakim. the production doesn't stand out on this like his previous albums. his lyrical prowess however remains flawless. he shows us why hes still one of the greatest MC's to embrace the mic.… Full Review »
	I can completely understand the mixed reviews regarding production however the critics are too quick to overlook Rakim's lyrical prowess. TenI can completely understand the mixed reviews regarding production however the critics are too quick to overlook Rakim's lyrical prowess. Ten years may have passed since his last record yet his words are still timelessly relevant and his street teachings carry as much weight as they ever have (he was once considered the greatest MC of all time). The record is distinctly personal and therefore won't strike a chord with those who are used to the disposable records that are so widely produced. Rakim's unique angle characterises his artistic direction and exposes his substantial talents. 'How to Emcee' is one of the few standout tracks though his unassuming gangster style does him no favours in appealing to those who have never heard of him.  9/10   85/100… Full Review »
	