Ever confident of her allure both as a woman and an artist, Furtado on The Spirit Indestructible proves nearly untouchable.
	Furtado isn't entirely successful; at times, the album is more impressive for what she intends to achieve than what she accomplishes. And yet for all its contradictions and clumsiness, it's hard not to admire The Spirit Indestructible, for it is that rare thing: a major-label album that bears the unmistakably messy, human stamp of an artist.
	Yet for all its contradictions and clumsiness, it's hard not to admire The Spirit Indestructible, for it is that rare thing: a major-label album that bears the unmistakably messy, human stamp of an artist.
	Whether her strategy is to sing-song her way beyond the abrasive edges or to conversely turn her voice into an even more abrasive element, Furtado makes it all work.
	There's a fair bit of "positivity" gloop, such as Believers (Arab Spring), but not enough to ruin a decent album.
	A wasteland of electro-funk also-rans and half-baked nods to hip-hop. [14/21 Sep 2012, p.141]
	Time for another rethink. [Nov 2012, p.96]
	It's not all bad, of course-if you prefer your sugar with a side of C-rate bounce, there are things here with which you most certainly could spend your Saturday nights.
	Main producer Rodney Jerkins keeps the beats tight and hooks polished, but Furtado's flaming identity crisis makes this cringe listening.
	Nelly didn't need the current trend - and worn - of the U.S., to create a good album. Sounds original, different and exotic, and without doubtNelly didn't need the current trend - and worn - of the U.S., to create a good album. Sounds original, different and exotic, and without doubt the best song of the album is "Believers (Arab Spring)".… Full Review »
	This is one of the best albums I've listened in ages, bought the deluxe edition, heres my review of the tracks, out of 5 stars
	This album is really good. Furtado is mixing a lot of musical styles, but it's done really smoothly and "effortlessly", which left me feelingThis album is really good. Furtado is mixing a lot of musical styles, but it's done really smoothly and "effortlessly", which left me feeling that TSI is very coherent album. This could be achieved only by someone who is writing and producing her own songs (and unfortunately really rare in nowadays pop). Pros: main theme of the album, Furtado lyrics, from songs: High life, Miracles and Believers. Cons: sometimes beat is a little bit too overwhelming (eg. Parking lot). In general: highly recommended.… Full Review »
	