His romantic laments are models of texture, respect, and profound loss, their beats subtle, seductive, weird, and seized like time.
	Compared to most releases of its kind, Nostalgia, Ultra is plotted with care, not slapped together with haste.
	He's an intuitive r&b stylist, with a firm sense of song structure (he's written for Justin Bieber and Beyoncé) and a conversational talk-singing voice that is as indebted to Justin Timberlake and Pharrell as it is to R. Kelly.
	Given how slick and intuitive this album is--full of astral soul that owes debts to Terence Trent D'Arby, Pharrell Williams, even Drake--it's more likely that someone will lose his job than that Frank Ocean will lose his record deal over this kerfuffle.
	Introspection of this kind can be a difficult thing to pull off convincingly, but Nostalgia never veers too far into sentimentality to let its edges be sanded down.
	No matter the mood, this songwriter is always quick to add fine particulars that make his songs his songs.
	It's supposedly winnowed down to seven excellent tracks you can pay for, versus an album-of-the-year candidate you can cop free legally (for now).
	Like the rest of Nostalgia, "American Wedding" is dark, playful, a little tasteless, and absolutely riveting.
	The record stands as the most shocking thing the Odd Future collective has put out to date: a R&B record with crossover potential without sacrificing soul that creates a complete picture of its author, warts and all.
	amazing job for a newcomer! the new voice of R&B...! He did great covers like Strawberry Swing and Electric Feel in this album! There Will Beamazing job for a newcomer! the new voice of R&B...! He did great covers like Strawberry Swing and Electric Feel in this album! There Will Be Tears and Songs for Women are incredible songs! one of the finest R&B albums of the year!… Full Review »
	Lyrics are somewhat weaker than expected from Ocean, but succeeds non the less for providing beautiful melodies and interesting narratives.Lyrics are somewhat weaker than expected from Ocean, but succeeds non the less for providing beautiful melodies and interesting narratives. Accessibility for this album is inconvenient, so an iTunes release would be appreciated.… Full Review »
	"nostalgia, ULTRA" is Odd Future Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean's solo Digital debut, self-releasing the mixtape via Tumblr in 2011."nostalgia, ULTRA" is Odd Future Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean's solo Digital debut, self-releasing the mixtape via Tumblr in 2011. Unsurprisingly, the lyrics were deep and enlightening, the sound was sweet and nostalgic, and the concepts were original and powerful in message. Even though it doesn't come together as a single LP (as he would do later in channel ORANGE), this was a great collection of ear-pleasing, indulging songs, especially for free. Even though Def Jam/Island's attempt to physically release it collapsed, it did allow the Universally aclaimmed song "Swim Good" to hit mainstream airwaves, thus its nomination for 3 Video Music Awards over the summer. Ocean's other single off this work, "Novacane", has been titled as "The Song of the Year" worldwide for 2011. Ocean also gets personal in the strong tracks "Songs for Women", "We All Try", and "Nature Feels". The production is vast yet well done. The Free mixtape even manages to cause controversy over the track "American Wedding," which uses the instrumental to the Eagles' "Hotel California" with Ocean singing original wordplay over it, which caused the band to threaten a lawsuit if he was to ever perform it live. Even though the Theme of "Nostalgia, ULTRA" is hard to grasp or immediately detect, Ocean still seems to get a message stuck in your brain.Personal Favorites: "We All Try", "Songs for Women", "Dust", "Bitches Talkin' (Metal Gear Solid)"Recommend: "Strawberry Swing", "Swim Good", "American Wedding"… Full Review »
	