This Stockholm-based DJ outfit scored a dance hit earlier this year with "One (Your Name)," its hard-hitting collaboration with Pharrell Williams of N*E*R*D. But separately, the men of Swedish House Mafia-Axwell, Sebastian Ingrosso and Steve Angello-have been rocking dancefloors for years, so here we have a 24-track primer designed to update new fans on each artist's earlier work.
	Chained as they are to the demands of the dancefloor, there's a little room for subtlety in these frantic mash-ups of Coldplay and Empire Of The Sun, but then whoever did their thinking under strobe lights? [Dec 2010, p.115]
	Not every DJ dream team is up to the challenge of creating great original tracks, though, and it's hard to criticize Swedish House Mafia when their mix is otherwise such a blast.
	From the Midlands to the Midwest, the mediocre couldn't be more on fire.
	It's exhausting, and somehow impatient. Swedish House Mafia don't earn their big moments, they throw them in whenever the ideas pot runs dry.
	An appearance by David Guetta reminds us that it could be much worse, and an excursion into klezmer techno on Valodja briefly threatens to be interesting; but in the main, Swedish House Mafia reduce hedonism to pure function, a facsimile of ecstasy that winds up grim, joyless and oddly sexless.
	To account for the offensively retrospective nature of this trawl of commonplace dance-floor garbage (we're talking Coldplay, Candi Staton and Justice), I must assume, first, that they spent the last two years in a timewarp somewhere between 1993 and 2006. And secondly, that they spent this time in trashy commercial nightclubs, where glowsticks never die, dancefloors rotate and there's a price reduction for hen parties.
	From the 2 albums from SHM this is the best one  The album Until Now is a little bit week but it has two very strongs songs  Don't You WorryFrom the 2 albums from SHM this is the best one  The album Until Now is a little bit week but it has two very strongs songs  Don't You Worry Child & Save The World   although Until One has one of the most epic songs ever  Leave the world behind  that was and still is a club hit… Full Review »
	