The overall sound is a bit too polished and loses some of the raw power edge that previous albums rode to critical success.
	Hamilton's vocals are occasionally plotted now with pronounced melodies, which is nice. But his strikingly affectless, prep-school delivery is abandoned in favor of a gritty, generic bark.
	It isn't necessarily memorable, but as an exercise in measured, even artistic rage, it's classic Hamilton.
	An occasionally catchy but ultimately bland attempt at recapturing past glory. [8 Oct 2004, p.114]
	It's awkward to witness such a gloriously thuggish monster vainly attempt the rope-a-dope.
	A disappointing barrage of lethargic metal. [Dec 2004, p.137]
	The sludge is so overbearing that anyone born during the Eighties will wonder what once made them special. [28 Oct 2004, p.103]
	Despite Hamilton's grittiest vocals to date, Size Matters is inarguably watered-down and bland.
	I really really wanted to like this one. I was sadden that they broke up after Aftertaste and joyful when I heard they were back together. I really really wanted to like this one. I was sadden that they broke up after Aftertaste and joyful when I heard they were back together. For me, Aftertaste is an amazing CD. Size Matters is purely generic. Nothing special. After several rotations only the first song stands out at all and it would be a B side for any of their other CDs. So, pass very quickly. Stick with Meantime and Aftertaste and be thankful that Helmet gave metal 2 top tier CDs to worship.… Full Review »
	Kicking and aggressive opening track followed by another intense song then a couple of pretty enjoyable tracks!
	This album is OK, but it sounds familiar in spots. "Last Breath" recalls "Insatiable". "Surgery" sounds like "Speechless". Page puts two This album is OK, but it sounds familiar in spots. "Last Breath" recalls "Insatiable". "Surgery" sounds like "Speechless". Page puts two tracks from his recent band, Gandhi, on Size Matters: "Enemies" and "Everybody Loves You" (the Japanese edition of SM has two bonus tracks which are also from Gandhi, "Black Light" and "Just Like Me", which only leaves "Money Shot" unaccounted for). The rest is uneven, and i blame the drummer, who is extremely unimaginative and makes me desperately yearn for John Stanier's layered and pitiless percussion. Gandhi was very promising, and this new version of Helmet makes me wish Page Hamilton had just stuck with that band.… Full Review »
	