A magnificent set, awash in textures, atmospheres, moods, and emotion.
	This is a just an amazingly pretty and graceful album.
	Copia is the sound of Cooper surpassing himself, combining his patented minimalist drones with beautifully rendered piano.
	While there has clearly been a degree of evolution... none of Eluvium's previous effects are lost with his new offering; the music still winds its way through your mind, but at the same time it moves the soul as well.
	Copia is Cooper’s greatest work to date, but it leaves even more roads for him to take.
	While spare in its construction, Copia offers a bounty of emotion for those who give it the chance.
	My issue with Copia-- the thing that keeps this record from greatness-- is Cooper's approach to piano.
	Eluvium has crafted an album that is at once immediate and accessible while deceptively complex.
	It sounds exactly like Eluvium, only with an organ and not a guitar, and with more overt classical aspirations than before.
	Definitely a bit more hit-or-miss than some of his past work.
	Great art must provoke or inspire you, and I’m sorry to all the folks out there “awash” in Eluvium’s dreamy “soundscapes” of pure “emotion” and “beauty”, but this record does neither.
	Gorgeous and stunning album. Definitely one of my favorite albums of 2007. And yeah, if you don't like "background music" or whatever, Gorgeous and stunning album. Definitely one of my favorite albums of 2007. And yeah, if you don't like "background music" or whatever, why listen and review it?… Full Review »
	I guess I just had too high of expectations after "Talk Amongst the Trees." Too much of this is just too lackluster, even contrived. "Radio I guess I just had too high of expectations after "Talk Amongst the Trees." Too much of this is just too lackluster, even contrived. "Radio Ballet" is particularly bad, seemingly lifted from the score of a bad Lifetime movie.… Full Review »
	I'm in love with this album. It really swept me away at first, and then I sort of let it drift down to the bottom of my playlist. I'm in love with this album. It really swept me away at first, and then I sort of let it drift down to the bottom of my playlist. However, now that I'm listening to it again, I'm even more moved. I really enjoy the complex sweeping chord changes in the longer tracks. One of my favorite albums so far in 2007.… Full Review »
	