As it is, it's simply the next Leona Lewis album.
	This long-delayed third album sets out to make the Hackney diva "current" again.
	It's a sonic monument to marvel at, not a piece of art that's asking for your engagement.
	Granted, much of the record is still given over to quaking ballads like Fingerprint--an area where Adele now has the advantage--but several tracks demand attention.
	They've pushed unconvincing edginess with clubbier sounds, including the title track, an overloaded mess of dubstep breaks and house beats.
	As a whole, Glassheart is listenable, with a few ups and downs in terms of the quality of the tracks, but does tend to keep to a very steady keel of mediocrity without much deviation.
	There are a few good tracks on this album but overall the it is far too saturated with producers to have any sort of cohesion. If you are aThere are a few good tracks on this album but overall the it is far too saturated with producers to have any sort of cohesion. If you are a fan of songs that start with a melancholy acoustics followed by a warble-tremolo “oooh” or “yeah” vocals then you are in luck as this album has plenty.… Full Review »
	As much as I want to like this album, I just can't. Thing is, there are many vocals like "ooh", "yeah" (for example, from Fireflies), or "dumAs much as I want to like this album, I just can't. Thing is, there are many vocals like "ooh", "yeah" (for example, from Fireflies), or "dum dum diddy" (from Lovebird) and cliché texts which make the album kinda dull at some points. Another thing is, the producers didn't do a very good job which also makes the album an utter mess. However, the album's vocals and a few good songs (Trouble, Glassheart, Colorblind) are the album's saving grace, but there are also bad songs (Come Alive, Lovebird, I To You) and When It Hurts which is completely useless. Overall, in comparison to Spirit & Echo, this is a very huge decline from her previous albums.… Full Review »
	im going to give you all a pissada  Liuna is my babie and she is the best singer of all  so you can  your vagina and your ass with a cucumberim going to give you all a pissada  Liuna is my babie and she is the best singer of all  so you can  your vagina and your ass with a cucumber  xoxo gossip girl… Full Review »
	