The set has a fullness and energy-not to mention an arsenal of layered guitars-that give it the kind of muscle we haven't heard from the band in quite some time.
	Always something of an underdog themselves, throughout their career the Goo Goo Dolls have quietly championed society's own underdogs.  With Something for the Rest of Us, they craft a near-perfect, emotional album that gives a voice and a window into the individual struggles of the large number of "the rest of us" out there.
	So while it's a typically polished affair, it is by no means lacking in genuine emotion. [4 Sep 2010, p.51]
	Something for the Rest of Us is an album to play on the drive home.
	Something for the Rest of Us is every bit as easy on the ear as each of their albums has been since 98's big-league breakthrough, Dizzy Up the Girl.
	There's enough here to satisfy the faithful, if nothing to enlist new recruits. [Oct. 2010, p. 108]
	Frontman John Rzeznik remains an assured singer. But amid his vocal polish is a new sense of strain, and for a band this lightweight, the additional anxiety doesn't flatter.
	Maybe the label was hoping to get back some of the Goo Goos' 90s magic, but that doesn't happen.
	Something For The Rest Of Us is a welcome change of pace from the Goo's previous effort "Let Love In". On this record Rzeznik foundSomething For The Rest Of Us is a welcome change of pace from the Goo's previous effort "Let Love In". On this record Rzeznik found inspiration and created a concept album made entirely of songs "For the rest of us" Brilliant Concept, Fantastic production and not a bad song on the album. 10/10… Full Review »
	Pretty Good, Still Nowhere as good as "Dizzy Up The Girl", Still a good purchase for anyone who is a fan, Has some good songs but nothing tooPretty Good, Still Nowhere as good as "Dizzy Up The Girl", Still a good purchase for anyone who is a fan, Has some good songs but nothing too memorable… Full Review »
	I quite liked this album 'Something For the rest of us' by Goo Goo Dolls.'For me the best track in the album has to be 'Home' as I reallyI quite liked this album 'Something For the rest of us' by Goo Goo Dolls.'For me the best track in the album has to be 'Home' as I really enjoyed watching the music videoand the lyrics in the song tell of a story of a man who wants to go back to his home, he is home sick and it's one of those songs that you would listen to in the car on the way home a long holiday.I don't really have a worst song in this album as all the songs have their own unique story.… Full Review »
	