It'll be difficult to find many albums that can top the type of creativity Odd Soul contains, making it one of the essential must-have albums of 2011.
	While the band do seem to reconcile something within by the conclusion of Odd Soul, the unpredictable, biting musical journey to get there makes for some powerful listening. [Nov 2011, p.96]
	The result is like The Bends on Bourbon Street. [7 Oct 2012, p.75]
	Mute Math sound most natural when they let loose as a funk rock/alt-rock hybrid that closely resembles a heavy version of Tahiti 80. As rough as that translates on paper, this form of music totally works for them and pops up in more than a few of their best songs, including "Cavalries," "One More," and "Walking Paranoia."
	Odd Soul is appropriately odd, but not as odd as the band has proven that they can successfully be in the past.
	This is good stuff!  Love the Blood Pressure video, too.  I enjoyed the 1st album quite a bit, and Armistice a bit less.  Odd Soul is much,This is good stuff!  Love the Blood Pressure video, too.  I enjoyed the 1st album quite a bit, and Armistice a bit less.  Odd Soul is much, much better than Armistice, and mostly quite different from the debut release.  You find MM doing, among other tasty flavors, soulful prog rock (!) from the 60s-70s.  They channel Yes and Traffic-Steve Winwood at times and it's really, really nice ear candy.  Some of the cuts would be right at home on a mix-CD that included The Black Keys also.  A track like Prytania could have fit right in on the Armistice release.  Highlights for me:  Tell Your Heart Heads Up;  then just get to Sun Ray and continue thru Quarantine (that's 7 tracks)!  That's saying a lot!… Full Review »
	Mutemath continues to put out incredible music that continues to be ignored in the mainstream.  They are some of the most precise musiciansMutemath continues to put out incredible music that continues to be ignored in the mainstream.  They are some of the most precise musicians around and live they not only compel their fans to be fully engaged, they subtly demand it!  I look forward to their continuation of their genre defying and innovative style.  Listening to them is to see the world in a whole new way.… Full Review »
	My favorite band of all time. It's a must have album for both fans and people who are trying to find a new genre of music. Blood Pressure, OddMy favorite band of all time. It's a must have album for both fans and people who are trying to find a new genre of music. Blood Pressure, Odd Soul, Walking Paranoia, Quarantine, all amazing MuteMath creations that take you into a new world of music.… Full Review »
	