The ONE… doesn't feel like work for G-Side, rather it feels like a first love, a record that gives a hundred percent to garner every compliment it earns: flowing, smart, sexy, and even global to those who hear it and its grand tone.
	It's a strange combination-- big, lush beats and stories about small victories-- but it turns songs that are celebratory of simple things (a girl sending sexy cell-phone pictures, visiting Paris for the first time) or full of thoughtful sentiments (supporting family, helping community) into something epic.
	They're also carrying on in the tradition of independent rap artists from the fertile early 2000s, producing whatever they damn please and selling it for ten bucks. An uncompromising approach can lead to disaster, either financially or creatively, but COHESIVE is the paradigmatic fruit of such an approach.
	The group's unpredicatability and totally unique style is grassroots Hip Hop at its best.
	The One ... Cohesive earns all 55 minutes, from the simmer of YelaWolf's Creek Water on "Came Up" to "How Far," the duo's clever remake of Beach House's "10 Mile Stereo."
	The One is both sonically and conceptually strong enough to transcend that small internet buzz circle. [Mar 2011, p.62]
	This is one of the greatest,  most slept-on, dynamic, authentic, fun, lush, amazing, thoughtful, honest, complex, and "cohesive" rap albums inThis is one of the greatest,  most slept-on, dynamic, authentic, fun, lush, amazing, thoughtful, honest, complex, and "cohesive" rap albums in history.  To compare G-Side to other rap artists outside of Kanye, Outkast, and early Roots would be a disservice.  Why G-Side was never signed by a major label is completely beyond me, to be honest.  But, like everything else in the universe, there is a reason.  I surmise that either their obsession with creating excellent music eclipsed their understanding of the need for good representation, or the music industry is just plain ignorant and/or greedy.  The truth is it was some combination of the two.  Either way, G-Side was a legendary rap group.  Their breakup was tragic.  They are the Van Goghs of the rap game.  They may be undiscovered at this point, but anyone who knows them well, knows that they are great.  To make matters worse, The One... Cohesive wasn't even their greatest album.  True artists.  I hope they reunite and show the world how great they  and the Huntsville sound  is.… Full Review »
	