Segall spent six months writing and recording Goodbye - his longest investment in a record yet. The time spent soaking in the classics has paid off.
	Goodbye Bread may not change the face of music, cause, y'know, it's only rock 'n roll. But it's damn hard not to like it.
	Goodbye Bread is filled with such rich, breathtaking moments, and Segall, who plays every instrument here, sounds as though he's savoring every part of process.
	When Goodbye Bread gets it right on so many levels, the only thing one can do is trust Segall, in as much as he has trusted his own terribly unique artistic vision.
	With Goodbye Bread, he ushers himself to the fore of the pack of current garage-psych revivalists. [Jul 2011, p.87]
	The 23-year-old deals in the kind of one-take, reverb-drenched, sugary psych-pop that mostly sounds effortless and might occasionally be genius. [Aug 2011, p.98]
	Goodbye Bread shows Segall's calmer side, but the frantic instrumentals, heavy guitar riffs and rough-around-the-edges sound remain, betraying his decidedly harder roots and showing that Segall hasn't gone totally soft.
	These sharply-targeted psychedelic guitar eruptions are well-contained, and always tantalisingly brief.
	After several albums of caustic, cryptic scuzz-punk, San Francisco's Ty Segall finally cleans up his act--or, at the very least, dustbusts it around the edges.
	Goodbye Bread is a fitting development on an impeccable path. The depth accomplished through five albums is obviously grand and it's definitely as if Segall is purely improving with every passing year.
	Goodbye Bread specializes in this kind of twisted subtlety; no longer content letting loose and letting the detritus fall where it may, Segall has crafted a record both familiar and surprising, both sunny and spooky.
	While Reatard had his antecedents, he swung his music violently into alien terrain; Goodbye Bread is an entertaining trad-rock record made by a talented tunesmith who'd rather make love than war.
	This sonic diversity isn't a new thing for Ty Segall, but the way that Goodbye Bread reveals itself shows a marked increase in thoughtfulness when compared to the San Francisco psychedelic songwriter's previous five albums.
	Ty Segall culls some some of his scene's most appealing aspects and affixes them to unusually-written, melodically appealing songs; in essence, he's an ideal ambassador for his Bay Area milieu.
	Goodbye Bread sounds more like a "real album" than anything Ty Segall has done to date, but not so much so that it robs him of the loose-limbed soul that makes him memorable.
	The record takes a bit to warm up, and actually picks up speed and weight when the songs begin to slow down, so that by the end you're pretty much coated in whatever sweet strangeness Segall is hocking up.
	Even with a diversity deficiency here, you have to admit that this is album is noteworthy. My suggestion is to gather up his entire catalog and put it on a random shuffle so you don't suffer from the monotony.
	Despite the flaws, you can't deny that Segall's got real talent, which would be wasted if he just stuck to the psych/garage throwback formula.
	Like the Black Lips, Ty Segall cleaned up his act (just a little) for his latest album, and he ended up with the best album of his career thusLike the Black Lips, Ty Segall cleaned up his act (just a little) for his latest album, and he ended up with the best album of his career thus far. At the very least, make sure you add "Goodbye Bread" and "You Make The Sun Fry" to your iTunes library. You can pick up the latter song for free on Pitchfork.… Full Review »
	