These 10 tracks are a masterclass in modern pop creation, pinballing from style to style without endangering their essential "TingTingness".
	This is an album that deserves at least to reacquaint the Ting Tings with the outskirts of Somewheresville.
	One-hit wonders no more, White and de Martino now sound prepared for a big pop future. [Mar 2012, p.101]
	They know how to knock a tune together and have delivered a pop party album thrillingly in tune with contemporary listening habits.
	The music dips into ska, Eighties electro and power ballads, and the sumptuously noirish torch song "In Your Life" proves White's heart is as big as her spleen.
	This is no five-star, but the disc's greatest wobble is also its strongest suite: It genre-hops.
	Sounds From Nowheresville is a blast when it's on and imminently forgettable when it's not.
	They sound more and more as if they've found a sound that they can all their own. [Apr 2012, p.94]
	The first five tracks stick more or less to the angular post-punk dance-party template....It's on the back half that Nowheresville turns crazily experimental
	Nothing's wrong with stylized (uber- or otherwise) music (Paul's Boutique was, after all). But it helps when the craft behind the glitz is just as compelling.
	It's fun, but not a lot to show for four years work.
	Sounds from Nowheresville shows that the Ting Tings have more range than their debut suggested, but while it's more ambitious and crafted, it's just not as coherent as We Started Nothing.
	Pure candy at its highest moments, but perceptibly hollow at others. [March 2012, p.80]
	The unfortunate irony is that Sounds From Nowheresville doesn't sound much like a grand rejection of pop music at all. It just sounds a little bereft of ideas, and way too short.
	Much of the album either grates or bores.
	Unfortunately it's largely downhill from here [after opener "Silence"].
	Doing lame imitations of other things that are popular seems to be the mission statement for Sounds From Nowhere.
	Like over-keen Masterchef contestants, they chuck everything onto the plate to show off their skills, resulting in a charmless mess of congealed ideas. [April 2012, p.105]
	The whole effort, a mere 33 minutes worth but seemingly longer, is disappointing, save one or two songs. Multiple spins just can't save this one.
	What's also noticeable is how unnecessarily restrained most of the album is.
	Disappointing--and worse yet, faceless. [Apr 2012, p.99]
	A curious listen, Sounds From Nowheresville is akin to having your memory wiped at exactly the same moment an experience is stored in the brain.
	What Sounds from Nowheresville most obviously evokes isn't anger or even if-we-must sulkiness, but confusion.
	Ultimately it's hard to see this matching the levels of their early success.
	Maybe the Ting Tings have pulled some sort of Lou Reed maneuver here. Maybe this is their Lulu.
	The mediocrity taints the entire record and makes one wonder how it all went so wrong.
	Seems shambled and unfinished. [No. 85, p.58]
	It all amounts to a great deal of bluster for bluster's sake and becomes tiresome almost instantly.
	Sounds From Nowheresville makes me want to buy chocolate, try on clothes, take a holiday--anything but listen to this record.
	Altogether, it's an insipid assault of dribbly, sub-Billie Piper pop sludge.
	There may be bongo drums and bells chimes thrown in aimlessly to try and spice things up, but that frankly cannot distract from the pairâ
	I have a hard time understanding why people don't like this album. I find myself singing along to every single one of the tracks from hit meI have a hard time understanding why people don't like this album. I find myself singing along to every single one of the tracks from hit me down sonny to in your life. who cares that it isn't a perfectly crafted, cohesive record? i have a feeling that the ting tings weren't sitting in meetings going "okay, how do all these songs go together?" no. all that really matters is that they made a set of great songs that stand out on their own and don't blend together? i find myself being able to distinguish each track from the one before it and a lot of albums today, you can't do that with.… Full Review »
	The first seven tracks? Great beats, good fun. The last three? Not so much. Tracks 8 and 9 are a little too Top 40 for my tastes. But the gemsThe first seven tracks? Great beats, good fun. The last three? Not so much. Tracks 8 and 9 are a little too Top 40 for my tastes. But the gems make for an enjoyable listen for sure.… Full Review »
	