Happy in Galoshes isn't quite as textured or bright as "12 Bar Blues"--the smaller budget is evident in its muted colors as well as Weiland's sleepy delivery--but it has the same emphasis on churning psychedelia and clomping glam.
	While the debut showed him eager to step outside the confines of STP, he essentially has nothing to prove here, and as a result, it's a casual-sounding record.
	His latest is two discs and all over the highway, from the solid rock of "Missin' Cleveland" to the banjo-glam ballad 'Tango With Your Mind' to the bossa-nova glide of 'Killing Me Sweetly.'
	With intervention from the boys of No Doubt and production help from Steve Albini, this sprawling album earns a fair hearing.
	Happy in Galoshes is a fresh start for a rock star who began his career derided as a lightweight, but who is slowly gaining respect and credibility both in hindsight and looking forward.
	The singer's second solo album is far removed from VR's ass-kicking hard rock. [Feb 2009, p.108]
	Here Scott Weiland lets off steam in grand style. [Feb 2009, p.101]
	Galoshes largely succeeds as a document of a delinquent soul finally coming to terms with his own past. [Feb 2009, p.119]
	STP singer on the solo comeback trail.
	Mood enhancers like 'Blind Confusion' and 'Blister on My Soul' set tart melodies to a guitar punch that compensates for a shortage of coherent content. But from there, things slow down and bloat up.
	Sticky melodies crop up here and there, but they're badly outnumbered by turgid power ballads and indulgent experiments.
	Galoshes is a fascinating mess.
	What he winds up with is an unfocused yet sonically balanced mess.
	It might be one of the year's worst albums, an underwritten, overarranged mess of factory-floor guitar fuzz, go-nowhere vocal melodies, limp electronic beats, and lyrical clunkers.
	I like the dominate, beefy bass through out the cd good production. The slower songs really projects Weiland's vocal ability he gives it I like the dominate, beefy bass through out the cd good production. The slower songs really projects Weiland's vocal ability he gives it a real eligant vibe. Great melodys something that scott dose not lack. Anyways I am from Cleveland and so is he.… Full Review »
	"Happy In Galoshes" runs in much more familiar grounds than "12 Bar Blues" did, but it's still a joy to hear Scott Weiland running free "Happy In Galoshes" runs in much more familiar grounds than "12 Bar Blues" did, but it's still a joy to hear Scott Weiland running free from the constraints of an actual "band". "Paralysis" is simply wonderful and many other tracks follow closely. Good stuff.… Full Review »
	Ok, maybe it's not the most brilliant album ever made, but come on, it's still Scott Weiland!
	