By the measure of pure sound, It Is Time for a Love Revolution is a glorious feast of retro-rock pleasures--a feast of empty calories, perhaps, but sometimes fast food is more irresistible than a five-course meal.
	The best evidence arrives two tracks in: though 'Bring It On' features the soothing sitar of Anishka Shankar, it bashes its way through the speakers as though fueled by kryptonite. It is bad-ass, in a word. And so is this album.
	The mostly one-man-show of Time is another amalgamation of the vintage rock stylings that are his stock in trade.
	It’s Time For A Love Revolution, his eighth LP, easily ranks among his highest achievements.
	Not surprisingly, the lyrics lack any real nuance or trenchant insight, but the fervor of Kravitz's vocal, coupled with hard-charging guitars and battering drums, gives the song a visceral power.
	His infamous mane may be shorn, but the songs on It Is Time for a Love Revolution remain the same: guitar-heavy, psychedelic-swirly, and determinedly flower-powered.
	Kravitz's irony-free pastiches often satisfy like the best work of his rock and soul forebears; and considering his tastes, that's a remarkably high standard.
	It's what he does best; his musical past may be pilfered, but at least he treats it well.
	As a blast back to the past, this is the best album Lenny Kravitz has ever made--a visceral, expertly tailored blend of late-Sixties and early-Seventies classic-rock paraphrases with just enough modernizing to justify the record's copyright date.
	Ultimately bogged down by spirituality, guitar solos and soppy ballads, this comeback should nonetheless win Kravitz a few hearts, even if he doesn't discover a soulmate.
	At various times on …Love Revolution, Lenny just doesn't cut it as a songwriter, a lead guitarist (don't even go there), a string arranger and, above all, a drummer. But the man can sing and for that much we, and he, should be grateful.
	From its title on down, It Is Time For A Love Revolution is spiritually interchangeable with his debut, 1989's "Let Love Rule."
	Ultimately, he sounds confused--he wants to bare his soul and boogie on, but the boogie isn't nearly enough. [Mar 2008, p.97]
	There's substance to 'Long Sad Goodbye's accusing lament for his late father and Vietnam's denunciation of the Iraq war, but Kravitz generally limits himself to muscular yet uninspired multi-instrumental expertise and sloppy-thinking hippitude. [Mar 2008, p.114]
	As ever, there's not a hint of irony in the air. [Mar 2008, p.107]
	A song called 'Vietnam' only reinforces the all-around impression Lenny is 40 years too late. [Mar 2008, p.92]
	Overall this is a major letdown
	Better than last album, equal to Lenny, nothing new to the table and not a classic album, but solid nonetheless.
	Lenny Kravitz knows how to use his soul.
	Ugh, he still sucks, even when he tries really hard not to.
	