Amazingly, perhaps, this is a cogent, compact and really quite good record, one that mixes upbeat, perhaps slightly clinical R&B with uber-ballads and occasional snatches of what appears to be an attempt at intimacy.
	Has a refreshingly old-school vibe.
	She doesn't quite act her age on teen beat-driven single "Whatchulookinat," but she makes up for it with a series of R&B standards and diva-worthy ballads that hit most of the right notes.
	It would be a good standard-issue Whitney album if it wasn't for her disarming, defensive attempt to defuse every rumor hurled in her direction.
	Lacks any fire whatsoever.
	There's nothing as wonderfully warm as My Love Is Your Love, as grandstanding as Exhale (Shoop Shoop), or as innovative as Its Not Right But Its OK. [Feb 2003, p.104]
	Appears and sounds more like a work-in-progress than a finished disc.
	She can still sing--the stories about her losing her range, or her voice itself, are demonstrably false--but that's about the only positive to take away from the mess that is Just Whitney, even though the fault isn't just Whitney's.
	whitney is just a great album I liked is very true that some songs make you feel a new feeling and try it on my own there some songs withwhitney is just a great album I liked is very true that some songs make you feel a new feeling and try it on my own there some songs with bobby collaborate on some songs and her voice ruined the songs. if the record would have supported in the media defending this had not happened. the same label hung whitney what was happening at the time to release the album. emancipation of you know who or music are well below this great album I give it an 8.… Full Review »
	Whitney is the most amazing singer i have ever heard and how people can say anything bad about this album shocks me. In my opinion it is her Whitney is the most amazing singer i have ever heard and how people can say anything bad about this album shocks me. In my opinion it is her best. My favourites are Whatchulookinat - i love the beat and its all true, i love the ballads on my own and light up my life and of course unashamed which is so modern. Whitneys the greatest, there will never be another… Full Review »
	A mediocre effort from one of the biggest divas of all time. The production and the vocals sound rushed. Standout tracks are Unashamed and A mediocre effort from one of the biggest divas of all time. The production and the vocals sound rushed. Standout tracks are Unashamed and the retro One of those days. Other songs don't even come close to the magic of her old songs. This includes the disastrous cover of You light up my life.… Full Review »
	