Sing The Sorrow soars with the kind of melodies hit singles are made of, yet it somehow persists with AFI's esoteric darkness. [Apr 2003, p.69]
	A well-crafted mix of hardcore bluster, determined melody and anthemic grandness that boasts depth and texture rarely heard from the Warped Tour ilk.
	It's terrifically exciting stuff. [Apr 2003, p.101]
	As big and slick a rock record as you're likely to hear all year. [Apr 2003, p.101]
	The songs may have opened up around him, but Havok's lyrics are as pained and sharp as they ever were.
	Longtime fans might take it like a kick to the head, but this band is clearly moving toward bigger things.
	Sing the Sorrow is not exactly a concept album, but it does have a singleness of dark purpose that builds in momentum as the disc progresses.
	Just when the strings, piano, and rainstorm effects threaten to turn Sing the Sorrow into a My Dying Bride album, there is a burst of hardcore like "Dancing Through Sunday" to recall California pioneers of the genre like Dead Kennedys or SST transplants Husker Du.
	What's keeping the band from achieving a unique identity are Havok's generic whine and medoicre lyrics. [#15, p.120]
	Well-produced, albeit predictable.
	The songs combine the most pretentious and overworked elements of their influences. [21 Mar 2003, p.112]
	I absolutely adore this album! I is one of my favorite albums created by this glorious band. It is filled with the deep emotional impact of I absolutely adore this album! I is one of my favorite albums created by this glorious band. It is filled with the deep emotional impact of the world and the people in it. I rate this album a 10 because it is truly exquisite.… Full Review »
	This is not only the album that got me into AFI, but is also a great example of a punk album. Well, except for Paper Airplanes (MakeshiftThis is not only the album that got me into AFI, but is also a great example of a punk album. Well, except for Paper Airplanes (Makeshift Wings)...but other than that it was very enjoyable.… Full Review »
	This album has a great purpose and message and certainly adds a lot to the Emo genre of music. I love how every song eventually accumulatesThis album has a great purpose and message and certainly adds a lot to the Emo genre of music. I love how every song eventually accumulates into the epitome of depression.… Full Review »
	