Haunted Cities has more of a street-smarts vibe and is actually more listenable [than their debut].
	The whole package ends up having this strangely alluring glimmer. It's like discovering California Babylon after being lost in suburbia.
	More tuneful and less experimental than their debut. [Aug 2005, p.113]
	Cities is less songful than its predecessor, but on propulsive winners such as the flamenco-flavored "Crash and Burn," Armstrong's snaggletoothed choruses make for a soulful counterpoint to his mates' soused swagger.
	It's a sometimes bleak record, but one that shows that Armstrong and his cohorts are not satisfied by taking the easy route.
	Think of them as a slightly above-average combo of the Clash, Fun Lovin' Criminals, and some snotty band from the burbs. [24 Jun 2005, p.164]
	Transplants make a splattery mess of modern music as often as they stumble over something new and exciting.
	A big confused mess.
	As if the macho posturing wasn't bad enough, 'Haunted Cities' is also a mess musically. [2 Jul 2005, p.64]
	Their 2002 debut was a surprising success, but Haunted Cities struggles to repeat the trick. [Sep 2005, p.100]
	While Transplants' self-titled debut caught the trio at that moment when the third-beer buzz kicks in... the new record seems to have picked up several pints and bong hits later, when shit starts to get grisly. [Aug 2005, p.96]
	Expected a bit more after their awesome self-titled debut. There's still some noteworthy songs like "Not Today" and "Apocalypse Now."
	People should look at this album for what it is. It is Original without trying too hard to be. It is What the band members wanted to make, People should look at this album for what it is. It is Original without trying too hard to be. It is What the band members wanted to make, which should be respected and i am sure that whatever the end result is viewed as (good or bad) i am sure they are happy with it and it doesnt matter what anyone has to say about it.… Full Review »
	A few good tunes, but they are trampled on by the lame-o recycled "lyrics". C'mon dudes, how many times are you going to try to tell us A few good tunes, but they are trampled on by the lame-o recycled "lyrics". C'mon dudes, how many times are you going to try to tell us how badass you are? If you have to tell people you're a badass, you're probably not. Read a book or something!… Full Review »
	