Pull The Pin has urgency, a sense of menace and though it deals with issues like war ('Soldiers Make Good Targets') and the London bombings, there's little of the sanctimonious rhetoric Stereophonics of old were guilty of spouting.
	Solid and well crafted. [Nov 2007, p.135]
	It's harder to fault the tunes, however, smeared thick with QOTSA sludge or pretty 'Dakota' clones 'It Means Nothing' and 'Daisy Lane.' [Nov 2007, p.123]
	The whole thing sounds effortless, and not always in a god way. [Dec 2007, p.109]
	Wham, bam, rock and glam, it's Marshall stacks turned up to 11 and Kelly riffing away in the steps of a heap of bands who do it better.
	It's business as usual for Britain's most hamfisted rock band.
	The album has undoubtedly been an opus of dedication but essentially there is no spontaneity.
	Absolutely without spark and wholly forgettable.
	A strong taste of the lack of direction is evident as the final seconds of 'Drowning' trickle away and Jones’ wails turn distinctly, gratingly off-tune as they fritter off into oblivion.
	Pull the Pin might be going for the uncluttered "production" of older Rick Rubin, but instead it cops the sterility of newer Rick Rubin, each song lumbering on a chassis of waterlogged tempo and Jones' wooden melodies, begging for just about anything to grab you.
	Pull the Pin possesses nothing more than stale and horribly bland rock that will most likely leave even die-hard fans disappointed.
	A brave new direction it isn't.
	'Pull the Pin' is the best their album!!! It's sounds really great and more emotional than previous albums. Every song is 'Pull the Pin' is the best their album!!! It's sounds really great and more emotional than previous albums. Every song is worths to be a hit. Strange to see it in the worst albums list on this site.… Full Review »
	Not their best, although the tracks 'Bank Holiday Monday' and 'My Friends' are up there as classic 'phonics Not their best, although the tracks 'Bank Holiday Monday' and 'My Friends' are up there as classic 'phonics material. It's such a shame this album is rated so low, it's going to put many people off from discovering a truly great and unique band.… Full Review »
	Yet another brave twist too a long career for Stereophonics, and again they have pulled it off with a mixture of fast tempo and slow well Yet another brave twist too a long career for Stereophonics, and again they have pulled it off with a mixture of fast tempo and slow well written ballads. This is up their with l.s.v.o.… Full Review »
	