Godspeed On The Devil's Thunder sees the Brits at thie operatic best and completely unafraid to fill their songs with orchestral keyboards. [Dec 208, p.142]
	Filth's fondness for combining high-minded conceptualism with base British humour is actually their strong point. [Dec 2008, p.123]
	The obsession Cradle of Filth have with post-production is the very thing that removes the power from this set and makes it more of a wry--and unintentionally comedic--piece and impossible to take seriously.
	What we’re stuck with, though, is yet another Cradle of Filth album that drags on for more than 70 minutes, and although Filth’s lyrics and flamboyantly eccentric vocal performance are as deliciously demented as ever, the actual musical arrangements don’t reach anywhere near the level they’re supposed to.
	Symphonic elements always have potential in music, but often are ruined by the execution and this album is no exception. Cradle of Filth fall into the trap of using them as a replacement for actual songwriting, relying on the symphonic arrangements to cover up their lack of talent. It doesn't work, especially because the arrangements themselves aren't too interesting in the first place.
	Not as good as nymphetamine but still excellent. Shat out of hell is the best to me, what else to wright, just listen and enjoy :)Not as good as nymphetamine but still excellent. Shat out of hell is the best to me, what else to wright, just listen and enjoy :) ..............â… Full Review »
	Cradle of Filth are back. It was a real pleasure listening to this album after the medium Thornography and Nymphetamine. This time around DaniCradle of Filth are back. It was a real pleasure listening to this album after the medium Thornography and Nymphetamine. This time around Dani and the boys created a concept album based on the life and crimes of Gilles de Rais. A very good and powerful album with the unique characterizing vocal style of frontman Dani Filth, the super fast drumming of Martin Skaroupka and the always great executed guitar work of Paul Allender. A faster, better album than the previous two, Cradle seem to have found their way back to the top as one of the most extreme metal bands out there. Songs like The Death Of Love, Honey and Sulphur, Shat Out of Hell,Godspeed on The Devil's Thunder and Ten Leagues Beneath Contempt are the greatest examples to give off how unique,melodic but aggressive at the same time Cradle of Filth's music is. This album's atmosphere transfers you back to the time of Joan of Arc and Gilles de Rais as the album slowly reveals itself and through Cradle's lyrics and music, you almost feel like you are in a heavy metal 15th century surrounded by murder, perversion and conspiracy. The only thing missing is Sarah Jezebel Deva's absolutely haunting vocals that always take Cradle a step further. I rate it with 8 out of 10. Truly a very good comeback for Cradle of Filth.… Full Review »
	First and foremost this is a biased opinion of this latest offering from Cradle of Filth
	