The album has an eerie, almost childlike innocence: 10 songs of stunning candour and understated beauty.
	Any band that can record something as impressive as the gently swelling Radiation deserves to be taken on their own merits. Even Elbow may have to doff their hats this time. [Sep 2010, p.106]
	Sky at Night simply distils and expands all Kloot's lovely strengths, from his taut, elegant tunes to resolutely bittersweet lyrics.
	These expertedly crafted songs do deserve a wider hearing, and if this album is to remain a hidden treasure, then it's the general public's loss in all honesty.
	I Am Kloot continue to trace their version of that voyage, recording its moments of beautiful regret and uplifting melancholy in tuneful tales that want to hang around for endless retelling, beguiling their listeners into believing they have the time for just one more.
	The intimacy of John Bramwell's writing is carefully preserved and the trio's abundant charm still lies in a simple melodic grace and spiky romanticisms of lines. [Aug 2010, p.120]
	A perfectly formed masterclass in early hours reflection. [Aug 2020, p.82]
	Whilst each track delivers exactly what is to be expected from an IAK album it is a little disappointing that there seems to have been no development from the previous outing.
	A really lovely,consistent album of beautifully honest songs.While the style is not perhaps original,it`s hard to think of another band whoA really lovely,consistent album of beautifully honest songs.While the style is not perhaps original,it`s hard to think of another band who would have or recorded anything similar. Their previous albums had a sort of small band sound (only 3 members) and gave you the impression they would sound that way at the drop of a hat in any pub or on any stage without a sound-check..Sky At Night however,has been given a lush production with strings appearing on most tracks and just a lovely sense of space for the instruments to support John Bramwells ever better-with-age characterful tones. Self-depreciating,optimistic,witty and nostalgic.A highly recommended new best-friend  of an album that won`t wear thin upon repeat listens.… Full Review »
	