Testify is a perfect album for anyone who still treasures Face Value, Hello, I Must Be Going and No Jacket Required.
	Testify is full of laid-back, better-than-average adult-contempo fare, and the subtle, atmospheric production sure beats the slickness of his Eighties records.
	A largely boring affair.
	There is little... to compare with either the work of his Genesis heyday or his still heartbreaking 1981 solo debut. [#12, p.139]
	Collins... sounds dated with his glossy production, precision session-playing and radio-friendly songs all done by numbers with a great big hole where a heart should be. [Dec 2002, p.129]
	Middle-age is no excuse for such an unforgivably bland collection of over-emoted love songs. [Dec 2002, p.102]
	Testify really doesn't work. [Dec 2002, p.122]
	Todos do público que deram 0 e 1 merecem 141 tiros, e os 3 críticos que deram voto negativo. Que demênciaTop 5 Testify1-Can't Stop LovingTodos do público que deram 0 e 1 merecem 141 tiros, e os 3 críticos que deram voto negativo. Que demênciaTop 5 Testify1-Can't Stop Loving You2-Don't Get Me Started3-This Love This Heart4-Testify5-Through My Eyes… Full Review »
	Um Álbum Perfeito!!!!! SssssssssssssssSuper suave,Sem mentira os 3 críticos que deram 20 de 100,escutou no mínimo 10 segundos do álbum inteiroUm Álbum Perfeito!!!!! SssssssssssssssSuper suave,Sem mentira os 3 críticos que deram 20 de 100,escutou no mínimo 10 segundos do álbum inteiro ou no mínimo não tem competência,ou gostar de ouvir fezesfunkcarioca… Full Review »
	The sound of Phil Collins in this album can best be described in the South Park episode "Timmy 2000". This is a man who has been inducted toThe sound of Phil Collins in this album can best be described in the South Park episode "Timmy 2000". This is a man who has been inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and is one of the most talented musicians.  Whether he was in Genesis or solo he was one of the best drummers, singers, and songwriters in the business. Yet, he managed to create one of the worst albums I have ever heard. It may not be the worst, but certainly top 5. In between the Tarzan and Brother Bear soundtrack Phil Collins released Testify, which is one of his worst selling for a reason. This album just reeks with lack luster, for instance, I have heard several songs b the name of "The Least You Can Do"", but this one sounds just like all the other songs in the album. All the tracks blend together as one long adult contemporary wave. Each song  alone does no harm, but together they fuse into a Phil Collins cesspool of subdued nonsense . Thru my eyes this is the worst work of an all time great. It's not too late in Phil Collins career to have another comeback, however, this should be a wake up call to fans that he is not the same unique and energetic person he use to be. The way the songs were structured was driving me crazy. Just look at all the other reviews of this album to testify my statements.… Full Review »
	