There's no fault to be found with Skying--truly, every song here hits its mark, and while The Horrors are evidently a band happy to change its spots from record to record (and steal a few licks, too), only the most ungracious of observers could deny that they've now crafted two of the finest British albums of recent years.
	Every number attempts something at least a little differently, and succeeds for the most part.
	Gone is the Primary Colours influences of Portishead's Geoff Barrow, or the punchy impatience of Strange House, and in that place stands an intellectually collective five-piece, fully immersed in the confidence of their own astonishing abilities.
	Skying feels like a watershed of sorts for the band, because if they now want to be seen as more than creators of masterful records, the whole package will need to reflect that brilliance and artistry.
	Taken in its full, cumulative glory, Skying ultimately dazzles, musically varied but singular in its ambition.
	For the most part, it's like a time-travel expedition back to when My Bloody Valentine ruled the land of college dorms everywhere - and pretty in pink was the way to be.
	While Skying is not as large a leap forward as Strange House to Primary Colours was, it's still the work of a band firing on all cylinders, and an exceptional offering from a group that, out of nowhere, is quickly becoming one of the most exciting young acts around.
	Skying boasts countless vague allusions to waking up, seeing things, rain, and/or the ocean.
	The Horrors manage to balance vinyl excavation with experimentation and a huge dollop of pop magnificently. [Aug. 2011, p. 90]
	If Primary Colours still left any doubt, Skying makes it certain that The Horrors have moved on from the shadow of the (unfortunate) title of being NME darlings and into a realm where their future releases become something to mark on the calendar.
	Regardless of where they end up next, the Horrors have already traveled much further than most listeners would have imagined.
	While in some sense these tracks are truer to the band's past than Skying's more formally ambitious cuts, that only convinces me that the Horror's biggest leaps forward are the ones in which they follow other musician's great ideas to new places.
	There are  meandering moments on Skying--closer Oceans Burning's day-trip into prog palls after a while--but it continues The Horrors' fast-forward evolution from their dark larval form into lepidopterist's delight. [Aug 2011, p.110]
	The songs on Skying are dense, towering, and occasionally overstuffed.
	Skying, The Horrors' third, again brilliantly confounds expectations. [Aug 2011, p.76]
	With Skying, The Horrors continue to explore familiar territory whilst refining their idiosyncratic slant like proficient tastemakers.
	This is an album that's ostentatiously overloaded on melody, and on all-round sonic luxury. This is the one.
	Whether The Horrors will willingly pursue that same trajectory to its logical conclusion seems doubtful, but for now Skying finds them breaking free of old bindings, eyes set on the wild blue yonder.
	Such shorthand descriptions are hard to avoid entirely, and music buffs might still want to play spot the influence with Skying--one reviewer detected seven in the opening song alone--but that would undersell this marvellous record, which should be every bit as exciting to a listener who knows none of those reference points.
	Skying is very much a record of polar extremes boshed into close proximity. Withdrawn and welcoming; subtly bold; gently hyperactive.
	If all you can see is a tangle of influences then you're standing too close to the picture, and when Skying's visions come into focus, it not only reaffirms that Primary Colours was far from a fluke, but that they could go so much further.
	Skying does for early '80s psychedelic Brit-rock what Primary Colours did for post-punk, and both are as satisfying with such goals as one can imagine. Can their '90s Seattle grunge tribute be far behind?
	Whether a calculated retreat or just a natural maturation, the Horrors have found a sound more content with background and atmosphere, and it suits them nicely.
	Skying is the work of a band that's living up to the hype, just after the fact. And considering the trajectory that Skying shows they're on, maybe the Horrors won't just ultimately match the expectations of them, but maybe top them.
	Skying lacks the urgency of their raucous goth-punk debut Strange House, but the broadly hooky single "Still Life" could fill an arena nicely, and the band actually sound interested enough to entertain the possibility.
	Skying proves a maturing for the band and unveils a new realm of sonic possibilities.
	On Skying, the group has definitely matured, jettisoning much of the divisiveness that marked its brash origins, but it feels like some of the edginess that first made the Horrors notable might've been discarded with it.
	Lots of bands pillage from the pop music canon; few do it with the aplomb of the Horrors.
	Skipping past the glaring little detail that is the title (Skying) - neither word nor adverb - whatever - artistic license today is obviouslySkipping past the glaring little detail that is the title (Skying) - neither word nor adverb - whatever - artistic license today is obviously running ragged and tired - there's really no reason for The Horrors to exist - a post-punk tribute band so formulaic in style and execution they serve better as decoration. As far as the album is concerned - simply a cacophony of  synthesizers fused into some sort of bland ambient goop that could pass off as any of the countless bands attempting the same tired, post-post-punk/ darkwave/ post-new wave â… Full Review »
	The third album from Badwan and co. finds them continuing the purple patch they hit with primary colours, though mostly abandoning the GeoffThe third album from Badwan and co. finds them continuing the purple patch they hit with primary colours, though mostly abandoning the Geoff Barrow/motorik influences of that album for a self-produced sound akin to a poppier My Bloody Valentine. Swathes of ectastic noise anchored by nimble drumming and simple but effective bass work characterize the record, with Badwan's richer, deeper voice becoming more of an asset every album. Definitely recommended for fans of shoegaze or quality 80s pop- and Simple Minds.....Best tracks - Still life, Endless Blue, I Can See Through You.… Full Review »
	Incredibly bland and generic. Every song sounds the same; there is not an original or interesting thought to be found on this record.Incredibly bland and generic. Every song sounds the same; there is not an original or interesting thought to be found on this record. Pretentious rubbish, only suited to Pitchfork employees and the delusional NME writers who are currently desperately trying to flog the appallingly dull Palma Violets.… Full Review »
	