The sound's still high quality on "Shock Value II," it's just not 100% his own any more - maybe 50%, maybe 75%, all depending on what the co-credits really mean.
	So far, so predicatable--at least until "Tomorrow In The Bottle," which features Chad Kroeger of Nickelback. That guy's got a funky bone? Talk about a shocker. [11 Dec 2009, p.115]
	Many of the same vices that plagued the first installment of "Shock Value" keep the second edition sodden as well: Tim's precise, micromanaged beats usually outshine his random collection of vocal collaborators.
	Timbo's genius has always been of the wizard-behind-the-curtain variety, and here his clunky croon dominates.
	Nothing quite fits, giving the impression that this material wasn't good enough for the guest artists' own albums.
	Shock Value II packs plenty of heat from the layered beats, but never lets Timbaland shine as the artist he wants to become.
	The whole thing sounds like it was made fairly quickly, as if Tim came up with a clever idea and proceeded to fill out the track with whatever came to mind first, rather than truly enhance it.
	The productions flaunt Timbaland trademarks: vocal sounds imitating turntable scratching, quick keyboard arabesques, grunts as percussion. But now he fills in the spaces that made his old tracks so startling.
	Justin Timberlake and Drake both offer admirable turns, but are forced to operate with unenviably tepid production. The overall laziness of that facet is even more inexcusable coming from one of the most renowned producers of the last decade.
	Not as good as shock value, but still great, timbo is the man.
	Not a complete mess, There are some good songs like Meet me in the middle, One i love, marchin on, and symphony. But as a overall effort, Not a complete mess, There are some good songs like Meet me in the middle, One i love, marchin on, and symphony. But as a overall effort, Timbaland needs to do far better then this. This is not even close to the level of the original!… Full Review »
	What makes this album noteworthy is a wide list of good guests like Drake, Chad Kroeger, The Fray, Daughtry or Brandy and nice showcase ofWhat makes this album noteworthy is a wide list of good guests like Drake, Chad Kroeger, The Fray, Daughtry or Brandy and nice showcase of production in "Ease Off The Liquor", but what cuts its way off from perfection is "We Belong To Music" featuring Miley Cyrus or poor try to hit the clubs called "If We Ever Meet Again" featuring Katy Perry.… Full Review »
	