The album is something of a rollercoaster of musical styles, songwriting approaches and emotions. But most importantly, transcending it all, is Ritter's astounding power to make us hang on every word.
	He's not the only one channeling the greats, but he does it better than almost anyone else today.
	Wordy troubadour's sixth and finest effort. [Sept. 2010, p. 118]
	The result is this quite sensational new album that not only purges the darkness, but marks the finest music he has made.
	The 'New Springsteen' comes of age.
	Another New World constitutes the elegiac and unsettling thesis of Josh Ritter's potent new album.
	Stirring stuff, and food for thought, too.
	By shirking an introspective approach, he has succeeded brilliantly in wending a line between intricacy and intimacy. The output is a genuinely majestic creation, brimming with a richness of substance to both enthral and devastate.
	Ritter's wordplay can be dense, but his warm, inviting voice makes it a pleasure to unravel.
	Equally steeped in Southern and Midwest Gothic Americana, the son of a pair of neuroscientists has crafted his most unique collection of songs to date, borrowing characters from mythology, literature, and world history and letting them run wild in the increasingly adventurous, neo-traditional folk style that his become his forte over the last decade.
	Ritter has taken his time delivering album number five after stepping back from a period of writer's block. So Runs The World Away suggests every artist should have such problems, Ritter's most freewheeling album flitting between waltzes with Egyptian pharaohs to the tongue-in-cheek murder ballad Folk Bloodbath. [Sep 2010, p.92]
	It's a work of craft from a continually rewarding, continually American, singer-songwriter.
	So Runs The World Away is vivid, artful, expressive and more besides. [Sep 2010, p.100]
	It is a monumental album in everything from the scope of its subject matter to its grand instrumentation and production.
	There are ten other very fine songs here, this album shows Ritter developing continually, and there's potential for greatness, in time.
	The good thing is that for any misstep here, there's a success that overshadows it. But for those of us waiting for him to really knock another out of the park the way he did on The Animal Years, it might be a let down to realize So Runs the World Away isn't that.
	It aims to summit purple mountains's majesties with Titanic-sized tracks, such as "Change Of Time," "Rattling Locks" and "Another New World," and they are only sporadically successful. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.108]
	The creaky structures he inhabits and the source material he chooses to pilfer are smart choices, good things that are highly redolent on their own. But the atmosphere of rough, old conceits scrubbed clean, with just enough dirt left to seem genuine, is ultimately a disquieting one
	The first half of this record sounds as good if not better than anything he's ever done. Unfortunately I think the latter half dies a bit.The first half of this record sounds as good if not better than anything he's ever done. Unfortunately I think the latter half dies a bit. It's still good but I do think he's front-loaded the album. Change of Time and The Curse are the obvious stand outs and would get on any album put out by any artist out there. It's more back to his "Golden Age" and "Animal  Years" folky style than his more pop/folk effort "Historical Conquests". Definitely a slower paced and in my view less forced album than his last record. If you've not listened to anything by this guy yet your missing out.… Full Review »
	Josh Ritter is one of the greatest songwriters of this generation. Probably his most solid album since Animal Years (that doesn't meanJosh Ritter is one of the greatest songwriters of this generation. Probably his most solid album since Animal Years (that doesn't mean Historical Conquests was anything less than great). Songs like "Lantern", "Rattling Locks", and "Another New World" remind us why we need to take him seriously.… Full Review »
	Another New WorldIt is always exciting and unforgettable experience to explore a new world. Josh Ritter, an American singer-songwriter andAnother New WorldIt is always exciting and unforgettable experience to explore a new world. Josh Ritter, an American singer-songwriter and guitarist, who was named one of the "100 Greatest Living Songwriters" by paste magazine in 2006, released his sixth new album â… Full Review »
	