Pound for pound, the songs of Pause are far more interesting and multi-layered than most of your general ambient music available on the shelves today.... A mesmerizing work.
	A far more sonically ambitious statement than its predecessors, perfectly fusing organic sounds with production techniques that are usually the preserve of underground dance producers or R&B mavericks.
	It is its author Kieran Hebden's best work to date and confirms the prolific young soundmeister as a major talent.
	This is an album that seems to effortlessly evoke the kind of lazy summer days that everyone claims only ever happened when they were kids.
	You could take this release and pair it up with Boards Of Canada's In A Beautiful Place Out In The Country for a back-to-back hit of sunny, frolic-in-a-sunny-field goodness.
	Without resorting to sappy new age or yuppie lounge cliches, Hebden has created a blissed-out ambient album for the post-rave generation.
	A strange and delightful record full of surprises. [#32, p.56]
	Organic as dirt, and full of an acidhead's sense of space, this one's a winner from start to finish.
	When measured against Four Tet's prior output, this latest effort does come as something of a disappointment; but by most other yardsticks, it's downright brilliant.
	There's a rural beauty, crafted by man and machine, in places as exotic as an orchid.
	An utterly modern, far-out reverie of an album. The whole thing works like a charm. [Oct 2001, p.128]
	It's a good-natured and engaging mix of subtle sample manipulation, music concrete, downtempo dance beats and pop experiments.
	Hebden has a rare ability to make his delicate instrumentals engaging and unpretentious.
	Fantastic
	A one-man mission to bring folk music kicking and screaming into the 21st century...slips effortlessly between genres, adding hip-hop and A one-man mission to bring folk music kicking and screaming into the 21st century...slips effortlessly between genres, adding hip-hop and R'n'B to an already potent mix of influence... has the ability to create exquisite soundscapes that are also moving expressions of human emotion.… Full Review »
	A must have Album for all Electronica lovers. Less jazzy and more eclectic than his previous releases but with the same stunning production. A must have Album for all Electronica lovers. Less jazzy and more eclectic than his previous releases but with the same stunning production. Clearly influenced by the likes of Eno, Reich & Susumo Yokota as well as Big Beat, Jazz and Psychedelia, the album remains amazingly seemless and complete. Catch him live if you can. … Full Review »
	