Cunniff has never sounded more joyful as a singer or writer as she does here.
	Where Jackson occasionally seemed as if they were in a rush to jam as many styles into their sound as possible, Cunniff digs deeper into her idiosyncrasies, creating music that feels unhurried and flows easily.
	A delightfully breezy and refreshingly hopeful chill-out solo disc. [24 Feb 2007]
	Sadly, her lyrics slide into threadbare banalities. [23 Feb 2007, p.98]
	She’s still plenty capable of bringing the funk when she plays to her strengths. Unfortunately, she only does so for half of City Beach, relegating her solo debut to little more than a curiosity for the Luscious Jackson hardcore.
	There's charm in its corniness. [Feb 2007, p.82]
	Much of City Beach is sort of bland and a little corny.
	Too many songs rely on sappy love-song cliches, bland arrangements or saccharine lyrics. [Mar 2007, p.135]
	If I didn't know better, I'd swear Jill Cunniff had crawled under a rock and refused to listen to any music since her old band, Luscious Jackson, split in 99.
	A mostly dull record of disco-lite. [#17, p.98]
	Even the better tracks fall a little flat.
	I admire Cunniff's attempt to create positive, breezy music. I just wish it were better.
	The music sounds less and less related to Cunniff’s roots, more and more similar to a slew of interchangeable soft-pop songs, of the type you’re likely to hear in a doctor’s office or a grocery store.
	Simple music, simple lyrics, indie music? no, i don't think so, maybe pop easy listening, come on... I don't recommend this album. How is itSimple music, simple lyrics, indie music? no, i don't think so, maybe pop easy listening, come on... I don't recommend this album. How is it possible to rank it with a 10????… Full Review »
	Perfect album. Sweet and lovely.
	Any critic that says Jill Cunniff or city beach is bad is absolutely insane!! Her album is one of the most down-to- Earth albums I've Any critic that says Jill Cunniff or city beach is bad is absolutely insane!! Her album is one of the most down-to- Earth albums I've ever heard, and it's VERY original!!… Full Review »
	