There's a little reggae touch here, some mild folk there, but mostly Johnson just excels at creating gentle background music that sways like the waves and feels twice as cool.
	The drifting chords and soft voice are still in place, only now Johnson's instinct for melody has sharpened alongside his ability to self-edit.
	He's so laid-back, it's hard to tell when he's worked up. In more encouraging news, his tunes are meatier. [4 Mar 2005, p.72]
	The genre-blending charm and sweetness that made Brushfire Fairytales and On and On so nice doesn't change that much, but does it really have to change?
	Listening to the surfer/artist’s third album is like sitting on a barstool alongside a good friend, knocking back pints and rappin’ it down about, y’know, life and whatever.
	A rare feat: gentle and kind without becoming soppy or daft. [May 2005, p.109]
	As one dimensional and unadventurous as it may be, In Between Dreams is stronger than 2003's patchy On And On, instantly accessible and just really quite pleasant.
	His best work to date because, at last, he actually sounds awake--even if much of the record remains music for dozing in hammocks to. [Apr 2005, p.122]
	Fortunately, the delivery has far more in common with Brushfire Fairytales than it does with On and On; rather than continue the "random thoughts put to music" feel of the latter album, songs actually have distinct verses and choruses as on the former, a formula that works much, much better for Johnson.
	Johnson appears to think that his smooth acoustic surfer music might need a retooling to reflect this scary new world.
	The songs on "In Between Dreams" (Universal) are so light and self-effacing they might scatter in a tropical breeze. [13 Mar 2005]
	After nearly a half-decade of records, Johnson still hasn’t learned anything about time signatures or experimentation, but at least he knows what he does best and sticks to it.
	An assured yet curiously unsatisfying shamble. [Apr 2005, p.119]
	These languid strums would sound suitably fine and mellow stoned on a beach at sunset. [May 2005, p.95]
	Doesn't build much on the Buffett ease and placeless island rhythms of Johnson's previous albums, but hey, ambition is for the ambitious. [Apr 2005, p.102]
	Stand-Out Tracks: All of them! -Favorite lyrics: "The wisdom's in the trees, not the glass windows.", "Our hearts are strong, our heads areStand-Out Tracks: All of them! -Favorite lyrics: "The wisdom's in the trees, not the glass windows.", "Our hearts are strong, our heads are weak, we'll always be competing, never knowing", "If I was in your position, I'd put down all my ammunition, I'd wonder why it had taken me so long." -Cover art: Perfect! -Position with other albums: Best Jack Johnson album, with Sleep Through The Static coming in a close second -Overall: A very good album with no flaws. This album is very good for relaxing to, especially in the Summer.… Full Review »
	I think somewhere along the line major critics have forgotten their job; they're supposed to review so that the public can know if an I think somewhere along the line major critics have forgotten their job; they're supposed to review so that the public can know if an artist is worthwhile or not. Complex lyrics, technically challenging music, and "breakthrough" concepts aren't always important in making excellent albums. Sometimes all it takes is a little personality, and Jack Johnson has charm to spare. It makes the listener want to kick back and relax, and is a breath of fresh air from all the heavy-handed "masterpieces" of modern, critically acclaimed music.… Full Review »
	As you can guess, I'm a Jack fan, and what I find hilarious about this is that, these critics are complaining that these songs As you can guess, I'm a Jack fan, and what I find hilarious about this is that, these critics are complaining that these songs aren't serious, and don't seem to get that this is the whole point to Jack's stuff.... that it's meant to be mellow and whimsical and so on...… Full Review »
	