Some Kind of Trouble is a step in the right direction for Blunt, a move toward love songs free of pretension.
	When Blunt sticks to playing it safe, he offends the least. And whilst it seems contrived to applaud an artist for sticking to his zone, this man is an exceptional case.
	From the plinky, high-tuned acoustic guitar to the mindlessly skippy rhythm to the "whoa-oh-oh-ooh" chant, there's not a major element of "Stay the Night" that doesn't sound exactly like "Hey, Soul Sister." For some, that's a selling point; for others, a warning siren.
	When all's said, Some Kind of Trouble is not a terrible record by any means, but there's little sense that Blunt has advanced--and equally little sense that it'll make any difference to his bottom line.
	Despite all the work put into his workmanlike pop, it ultimately comes off as agreeable, but not memorable.
	Some Kind of Trouble comes off as inert and oddly hollow; apart from the album's comparatively lively bookends.
	Sadly, Blunt's warbling renders most of them unpalatable. [Jan 2011, p.83]
	Aside from the brilliant departure offered by the album's opener, Blunt has lost all concept of how to sound like himself.  His voice is the same, but it's singing songs that don't sound like his songs.
	Shallow, soulless and strangely cynical, Some Kind of Trouble is a thoroughly depressing listen.
	This album is an attempt at a happy pop album from James Blunt which feels like he didn't really put his soul into the songs like he did withThis album is an attempt at a happy pop album from James Blunt which feels like he didn't really put his soul into the songs like he did with previous albums. The songs have less emotion. They are however still good songs and are extremely catchy. You will be humming along after the first course of most of the songs. So not a bad listen but he can do much better.… Full Review »
	Nice..Fresh and acceptable.............Better than his last album but not lives up to Back To Bedlam  ..........songs like Stay The Night andNice..Fresh and acceptable.............Better than his last album but not lives up to Back To Bedlam  ..........songs like Stay The Night and Calling Out Your Name are the best on this record… Full Review »
	