Havoc embodies relief, release and refuge.
	Morissette's poetic discourse of intimately describing her feelings still abounds, but is elegantly emoted here with cool restraint.
	There are a couple of clunkers, including the finger-wagger "Celebrity," directed at those who seek fame as its own reward, and the droning "Win Win." But for the most part Morissette and producers Guy Sigsworth and Joe Chiccarelli keep the proceedings crisp, tuneful, warm, and sincere.
	Sometimes the production is too slick, but Morissette avoids blandness because she's so idiosyncratic.
	Like Morissette, Havoc And Bright Lights remains fearless and vibrant despite its shortcomings.
	Sometimes it gets too cheerful.
	Her seventh LP brings the mama drama.
	Her syntax can look clumsy on paper, almost like she's trying too hard to express sentiments than make statements, but on record her words seem to flow and fit the music perfectly.
	Havoc and Bright Lights is as soothing as a Sunday afternoon nap or a warm bath: it's music for when you know you're right where you want to be.
	By the end you might feel like you've just had your ear bent by a particularly forthright mum outside school gates, but Havoc and Bright Lights is Alanis Morissette's most inviting album in a long, long time. [Sep 2012, p.103]
	While it may be a difficult task to get through all 12 psycho-babble-filled tune on havoc, it's not entirely a wash or without merit. Ultimately, if you're not into hearing someone use their artistic expression to vent their frustrations and contemplate fairly uneducated meanderings on the current social state, or you're not struggling with your own identity lacking the mental capacity to understand your surroundings, you need not apply.
	Unfortunately, too many of the songs on Havoc lack that specificity and Morissette's inimitable POV. Her best material has always traded in forces of tension and change, but she spends most of the album sounding like she's leading a meditation.
	Mostly, though, Morrisette succumbs to her dual predilections for quasi-spirituality and stultifying sappiness. [Oct 2012, p.84]
	For the most part these songs are entirely lacking in bite, dragging through limp soft rock and even softer sentiments.
	Not even some admittedly slick production can drag this out of the mire.
	This is a slew of hackneyed teenage poetry, trowelled onto a bed of sift-rock cliché.
	Morissette is the sort of woman who does yoga to ensure she can still gaze at her navel... Self-obsessed.
	"With its more radio-friendly beats, experimental trance, complex lyrical content and softer tone music, its truly good enough to say that its"With its more radio-friendly beats, experimental trance, complex lyrical content and softer tone music, its truly good enough to say that its a great welcome back to Mrs. Morissette"… Full Review »
	this is easily one of Alanis Morissette's finest albums, proving that you don't have to be miserable or depressed to be inspired to createthis is easily one of Alanis Morissette's finest albums, proving that you don't have to be miserable or depressed to be inspired to create art. It's already trite to compare her albums to Jagged Little Pill, so I will just compare this to her previous "happy" album, So-Called Chaos. While SCC struggled to find words, rhythm, and coherence to describe that so-called happiness, the songs of Havoc and Bright Lights show clarity and genuine joy both in lyrics and melody. Lots of potential radio hits here: Receive, Empathy, Spiral, Win and Win, Woman Down. If there's an album that should propel her back to the charts and awards shows this would be it.… Full Review »
	My expectations for this album were quite low because I'm a fan of "Jagged Little Pill" and that's about it. Turns out that "Havoc and BrightMy expectations for this album were quite low because I'm a fan of "Jagged Little Pill" and that's about it. Turns out that "Havoc and Bright Lights" is one of the best she did. Not a fan of her smooth songs but loving the Alternative-Angry-Rock-like-Alanis-can-do "Numb" and "Celebrity".  An album I played more often then I would've thought since it's been released, it has to be good otherwise I wouldn't listen to it.  One of her best!… Full Review »
	