The Fine Art of Self Destruction is one of those amazing records that appear seemingly out of nowhere... that within a couple of plays sound already like something you've been listening to for years. [Album of the Month, Dec 2002, p.128]
	The voice asserts itself as the record sinks in, however, and not only does each song stand out, but the production variegates a sonic grandeur grounded in the rock verities.
	Rich in heart-rending beauty, tough-but-lovable gutter poetry, and plenty of genuine emotion.
	Thankfully, Malin has the heart -- and the tunes -- to pull off the tattered-troubadour trip.
	Malin and Adams have managed to create a record whose fearless classicism is all part of the point. [Dec 2002, p.114]
	These folk and country-tinged tunes are melodic, deft and emotive. [Dec 2002, p.108]
	An impressive look at Malin's musical maturation.
	Malin convincingly wraps his tortured warble around the dust-caked tunes. [#14, p.139]
	It's Malin's personal reflections, such as growing up a child of divorce in the Seventies in "Almost Grown," that give Fine Art its soul.
	As you're listening, the songs begin to sound more and more like play-acting, as if Malin's trying to sound like his heroes more than he's trying to create anything that's all his own.
	Sounds like a good Wallflowers record. [Mar 2003, p.98]
	Absolutley fantastic! I first heard about Jesse at a Ryan Adams Gig in the Olympia Theatre, Dublin last November and was more that impressed Absolutley fantastic! I first heard about Jesse at a Ryan Adams Gig in the Olympia Theatre, Dublin last November and was more that impressed with his lyrics & singing. We are big fans now, more recently saw Jesse in the "Village", Dublin in March! He was amazing playing acoustic last November, but even more so with his band! Congratulations on a great CD, roll on the next concert! Thanks for the music, Orla. xx ( I reserved the 10/10 vote for Ryan Adams, but Jesse is a close 9!)… Full Review »
	I know, I know the voice ain't too pretty but neither is life. The songs grow on you though and Ryan Adams' production is I know, I know the voice ain't too pretty but neither is life. The songs grow on you though and Ryan Adams' production is top-notched. This will be THE sleeper album of the year.… Full Review »
	