It is utterly engaging, totally absorbing and, well, absolutely essential.
	Sing ‘Other People’ leaves behind much of the violence of Gira’s approach but retains the same soul-plunging ambitions, both allying him effortlessly with the druggy expressivity that characterizes practitioners of newer psychedelic music and belatedly identifying him as an influence and antecedent.
	The mix of the album makes it very clear that any musical backing, inventive and immersive as it may be, is still simply backdrop for Gira's tales.
	On all these fabulous tales, Gira's voice remains reassuringly salty. [May 2005, p.106]
	Gira spins riveting yarns like a charismatic neighborhood storyteller. [Jun 2005, p.164]
	Other People has a serene, thoughtful loveliness that builds with every listen.
	If Brian Wilson had crashed a motorcycle and holed up to recuperate at Big Pink with The Band, this is how The Basement Tapes would have sounded. [#256, p.49]
	Another left-field triumph for Gira.
	Gira's songs have many one-of-a-kind nuances that tether the album even when it ventures.
	It's like an audiobook with the best music ever featured in the medium.
	The pace and register of the record seldom alter: the soundscape is always more baked earth than lush foliage. [May 2005, p.103]
	The intensity of his voice never completely gels with the bright instrumentation. [Apr/May 2005, p.138]
	Not as good as their masterpiece "Everything is Good Here/Please Come Home," or even the bleak but beautiful ode/farewell to Jarboe, "How I Not as good as their masterpiece "Everything is Good Here/Please Come Home," or even the bleak but beautiful ode/farewell to Jarboe, "How I Loved You," "Sing Other People" is nonetheless a fine album with some truly great songs, if you're willing to sit through some of the more mundane (by the Angels' standards) ones.… Full Review »
	This is the best album Michael Gira has realease to date. This due in a large part to the backing of the Akron/Family.
	After all these years Michael continues to surprise even those who have religiously followed him from the first years of the Swans. This After all these years Michael continues to surprise even those who have religiously followed him from the first years of the Swans. This record stands for his vitality and his capacity of reinventing himself. The least I can say is that, as always, I'm looking forward for the next.… Full Review »
	