This is a genius pop album, one on which pretty much everything fantastic happens.
	Sincerity of intent is one thing. But they've got the music to back it up.... This is Scissor Sisters' first Greatest Hits collection. [Feb 2004, p.70]
	The key is - unlike the tongue-in-cheek cock-rock of The Darkness and the running joke of Electric Six - Scissor Sisters are reverential to the sounds of the 70’s.
	By celebrating what it is to be a freak in 2004 they've made a debut that's unique yet uniting, deep yet designed for the dance-floor.
	Handled with less love, this could feel like a smug wander through an ironic record collection. Here, it becomes sexy, life-affirming pop. [Aug 2004, p.141]
	With more concern for melody and rhythm than partisan politics, they use modern technology and an open mind to nimbly skip between the opposing camps of black 70s Disco and white 70s AM Radio, but in their songwriting methods The Sisters embrace the now mythic open arms party spirit of the early dance movement.
	With one part arched eyebrows and droll wit, and one part melancholia and sharp social observation, the Sisters' debut is bursting with golden moments.
	Take Elton John, multiply him by five, add a pinch of Frankie Goes to Hollywood, maybe a little Beck and some Carson Kressley, and you'll have something resembling the Scissor Sisters.
	[An] intensely enjoyable record, which plays like a singles collection.
	Scissor Sisters' debut is a brilliant ode to a musical era defined by vapid decadence and disposable dance tracks.
	Yes, there are a lot of reasons to hate Scissor Sisters. But this brilliant debut is not one of them.
	Rather spectacular. [Jul/Aug 2004, p.126]
	If it's pop thrills a go-go you’re after, you’ve got it.
	Ignore it at your peril. [Amazon UK]
	As fun as all of this is (and the lip-smack glam of "Music Is the Victim" is very, very fun), the Sisters' revisionism can also get them in trouble.
	The album is fully committed to its breadth of ideas, allowing the songs to transcend their quirky individuality and ear candy sheen.
	A trash-conscious blend of craft and humour gives them the sass, style and balls to sound like no one else around. [Mar 2004, p.111]
	The powerful melodies are impossible to shake, and grooves compel you to move, giving the album the authority of a greatest-hits collection.
	This debut's fantastic energy does peter out toward the end, and some may consider it unfortunate that the bawdy, simplistic lyrics aren't the kind of life-changing poetry you'll want someone singing at your wedding.
	It becomes evident towards the latter half of the album that genre-splicing gets dull... fast. [#12, p.101]
	What makes these multilevel pastiches more than cheeky cutups is a genuine musicality.
	Scattershot.
	The songs here are mindless, repetitive, and perfect for the dance floor.
	Often irresistible yet occasionally irritating.
	Spread over a whole CD, there is some worryingly featureless stuff. [Apr 2004, p.102]
	Heard Lara being played in a record store and bought the album immediately. Played that song over and over and eventually listened to and Heard Lara being played in a record store and bought the album immediately. Played that song over and over and eventually listened to and realized the rest of the songs were great as well.… Full Review »
	pure perfection
	I love this album and don't know how people can slate it as badly as they have. I agree with the majority, and I love the way that Ana I love this album and don't know how people can slate it as badly as they have. I agree with the majority, and I love the way that Ana Matronic and Jake swap vocals in songs like Filthy/Gorgeous.… Full Review »
	