The surprise is how extraordinarily well it all fits together, songs and guest vocalists pulled from all over the landscape, all blues and all inescapably Willie.
	Fortunately, for most of the album, the soft-but-solid Austin backing band assembled by guitarist/co-producer Derek O'Brien is as well seasoned as Nelson, and shares his gift for making a little go a long way. And, ultimately, the best tracks may well be those sung by Willie alone.
	It plays like an enjoyable variety show, since, as opposed to star turns, Willie's company puts in guest appearances, creating a strange mixture of not enough or a little too much (save for Willie's solo turns).
	Nelson makes his competition sound like thin parodies... he burns the melody down to ashes, never letting a howl do what a moan can do better. [Nov. 2000, p.208]
	Like everything else he plays, Nelson's blues are unforced and natural.... The result is emotionally rich, musically savory and languidly blue from end to end.
	If there is one drawback to this album, it is its somewhat overproduced nature. A little too clean and a little too short, Milk Cow Blues shows glimpses of what could have been, an all-star cast jamming to Willie classics and traditional blues like "The Thrill Is Gone" and "Ain't Nobody's Business."
	A sterling showcase for Nelson's bluesier side ?
	The duets always seem like an intrusion to his musical vision, especially since everybody except Dr. John oversells these songs, singing like a cliché instead of finding their own sound. It's all the more frustrating because Nelson really does find his voice on each song here, a fact that's apparent on the three songs he has to himself...
	Nelson's voice, silky enough to sing standards, lacks the vocal grit for the blues, and he rarely works up enough energy to milk the titular cow. Most of these songs are better suited for a supper club than for a juke joint. [Oct 2, 2000]
	Misconceived is the polite word.
	Not a big Willie fan but one can put up with that for the music and guest vocalists
	Willie is great and sounds great. I love how Willie tries to blend blues and country a little more (even though the whiteman stole the style Willie is great and sounds great. I love how Willie tries to blend blues and country a little more (even though the whiteman stole the style away and called it country) and get away from that ultra conservative genre that is so mainstream in country music. A very liberal man. Toke it up Willie!… Full Review »
	CD shows how close country and blues really are...how they both generated and have lived off each other...This is definately a 10 to see one CD shows how close country and blues really are...how they both generated and have lived off each other...This is definately a 10 to see one of the greatest country singers singing with some of the greatest blues singers...… Full Review »
	