This third chapter in the Budos Band's legacy is a giant step forward. That said, for band and listener alike, nothing is lost in this gambit; everything just gets deeper and wider and the payoff is nearly immeasurable.
	It's hard to pick highlights, but it's always a good sign when you listen to an album for the first time and stop to replay the opening track three times. It's that good.
	Whoever has the spotlight at any given point, III is The Budos Band's most confident-sounding album, like a soundtrack to a Shaft In Africa if it were actually made in Africa.
	They've rapidly become the standard bearers for the funkiest of instrumental soul, and III suggests they could keep doing this thing for several albums before it even begins to approach boring. We should all be as similarly stoked.
	With martial trumpets, cheap-sounding Farfisa organs and raspy baritone saxes, there are certainly nods toward Ethiopiques legends like Mulatu Astatke or the Wallas Band, tracks like "Rite Of The Ancients" and "Golden Dunes" add a rugged garage rock, and riff-based funk of "Black Venom" has a breakbeat that's just begging to be sampled by a bright hip hop producer. [Nov 2010, p.83]
	The result is a brand of soul music that's less susceptible to the revivalist tag than anything else coming out of the Daptone studios.
	Engineer Bosco Mann's work here exemplifies the principal that it's better to capture the sound right than to try to fix it in the mix. Then you can spend the mix getting the balance right, making some sounds stand out and others blend just right. Such is the case here; this record simply sounds right.
	The Budos Band III is a remarkably cohesive album, and despite the lack of surprises, it's one tremendously enjoyable listen.
	This album's predictability isn't the same thing as complacency, and if this music catches you unawares, it'll strike you right where you're vulnerable.
	The bass can get lost in the mix as well beneath all the moving parts. With the kinds of rhythms The Budos Band lay down, you need the bass up front and center. These qualms are minor compared with the overall delight the album conveys.
	When they do get adventurous and experimental, they execute it with such smoothness that even those moments of danger and excitement sound muted and safe. It's a solid disc, but you can't shake a sense that the Budos Band is capable of more.
	Great stuff considering the time they took to create it! Definitely soundtrack material and has hints of Average White band, SwingersGreat stuff considering the time they took to create it! Definitely soundtrack material and has hints of Average White band, Swingers Soundtrack kind of material. Invest now.… Full Review »
	Great instrumental album. Every song is good, and not a single one disappoints. I hadn't heard of this group until I saw this album on here,Great instrumental album. Every song is good, and not a single one disappoints. I hadn't heard of this group until I saw this album on here, and now I own all of their stuff.… Full Review »
	Fantastic grooves, cinematic and not one track that disappoints.  I would be surprised if someone Clooney and the boys didn't use it as theFantastic grooves, cinematic and not one track that disappoints.  I would be surprised if someone Clooney and the boys didn't use it as the Soundtrack to possibly the next Oceans 14?… Full Review »
	