If they stick to the melodic folk at the core of their best songs, that fateful open-mic night could be the beginning of something really great.
	The UK edition of their debut has three extra tracks recorded in a church, which damps things even further. But there is still much to enjoy here.
	If well-crafted folk-pop leaves you feeling lukewarm, by all means join the naysayers; otherwise, I'll be on the side of those dancing and singing along.
	Hardly groundbreaking, but heartfelt all the same. [May 2011, p.116]
	It's a long time since a debut album forged its influences into something quite as fresh and rich as this. [May 2011, p.87]
	There are plenty of bands who literally spend a decade working up to an album as well-crafted, confident, and powerful as The Head and the Heart, and these folks managed to knock it out in a bit over a year; is they can make this particular bit of lightning strike twice, we may be looking at one of America's best new bands.
	The Head and the Heart deliver plenty of both [Americana and chamber pop] when it comes to sing-along meditations and winding Appalachian roads.
	Their glowing harmonies, sense of movement, and emotional build capture the heart in ways other bands can only dream about. [May 2011, p.78]
	The debut by this Seattle indie-folk group suffers slightly from an abundance of niceness.
	For all the humming and picking, the songs feel too similar to each other to hold interest throughout.
	Moments of delicate introspection such as Winter Song and Josh McBride (from their Chapel Sessions) aside, their straining for both authenticity and jollity can bring to mind people knocking on your door wielding pamphlets.
	More problematic are the melodies and the songs themselves; they strive for rousing resonance, a deep sense of loss, but often settle for pat prettiness and easy sentimentality.
	Though the songwriting is sturdy, the choruses hearty, the melodies time-tested, and the recording vibrant, The Head And The Heart falters most on account of Jonathan Russell and Josiah Johnson's pre-packaged, Cracker Barrel lyrical conceits.
	There's potential in the chemistry, but no daring.
	They may have plenty of heart but their heads are lost in the clouds.
	The songs are surely poppy, but their catchiness rests more on the sweetness of the vocals, and the pleasant mix of guitar and piano over measured drums. The hooks rarely stick out in the mix, so that little distinguishes their sound from other bands treading similar musical ground.
	Even as singers Jon Russell and Josiah Johnson's voices flow together swimmingly over Charity Thielen's violin, the album never truly succeeds at living up to its name.
	Conceptually, they're close to Mumford & Sons: opportunistic in their borrowings, yet entirely unimaginative in the execution. Theirs is a thoroughly timid, tentative take on Americana: roots music without the roots.
	Repetitive and derivative., but at least it's repetitive. Over sentimental, overly borrowed, overly styled, overly lacking in content. I'mRepetitive and derivative., but at least it's repetitive. Over sentimental, overly borrowed, overly styled, overly lacking in content. I'm sure there's someone trying on a tight fitting grey pleather jacket and seeing which pouty face goes with it and I'm sure this person likes the band and would make an impassioned argument against my claims. If it wasn't for the uninspired live performance I may have kept said opinion to myself. But sister, this is a cruel world and some people are gonna knock the stuff you like. And sister, sometimes they're right.… Full Review »
	The Head and The Heart prove to be a powerful band, that includes folk aspects in metaphorical touching songs, their debut is, without aThe Head and The Heart prove to be a powerful band, that includes folk aspects in metaphorical touching songs, their debut is, without a doubt, a genuine piece of magic.… Full Review »
	