It all adds up to a concept album about war that screams with a whisper.
	Reliable late-night jams that will appeal to the choir, but not the whole church.
	When the music peaks this is an enchanting listen, but it's unlikely to win the band any new converts.
	Much of the album is merely classy and respectful.
	With just two original compositions, it looks as if they may be running out of steam. [Sep 2005, p.108]
	Although there will always be certain comfort in Margo Timmins' voice, her limitations are frustrating.
	The melancholy is relentless and ultimately rather suffocating. [Sep 2005, p.115]
	Surprisingly cohesive album, for what is essentially an album of covers (albeit covers with a theme). Highly listenable, and the Lennon song, Surprisingly cohesive album, for what is essentially an album of covers (albeit covers with a theme). Highly listenable, and the Lennon song, with rapper, works better than you'd think.… Full Review »
	I'm a real die-hard fan of the Junkies,but this one is really not worth the listen.And what makes me angry,is the fact,that even this I'm a real die-hard fan of the Junkies,but this one is really not worth the listen.And what makes me angry,is the fact,that even this guitar and song-orientated band have made a Rap-song.Why do they have to do this?Fans will not understand this decision.They have made so fucking great music all over the years,there's no need to look for a change in a genre,which has nothing to do with them.… Full Review »
	Imagine four chairs on stage with the conservative and liberal representatives of the good guys and the bad guys about to enter the picture Imagine four chairs on stage with the conservative and liberal representatives of the good guys and the bad guys about to enter the picture from somewhere in the foreseeable future. The planet continues to grow bigger and warmer, and its mothers' sons and daughters are dealt a royal load. So what do the four reps talk about? We can only hope they're talking about peace, because "there's a lot of work, a lot of hard work." The Cowboy Junkies add a bluesy mellowness to a crazy world, and their latest creative junction is the perfect antidote for dealing with the pity and shame that occur in our beautiful jungle.… Full Review »
	