With four-on-the-floor dance music the nearest the actually popular pop world came to mindless rocking out in 2011, I only wish it had a few "I Gotta Feeling"s.
	Overall the album is a triumph of collective will and creativity, but not every 
track fits every performer perfectly.
	The mastermind behind many hits, including Black Eyed Peas' "I Gotta Feeling,'' doesn't break new ground on his fourth album. Instead, he brings together many of today's pop superstars and offers a platform as swooshes, squiggles, and propulsive beats elevate them to club heaven.
	Whether you could go so far as to call Guetta an auteur might be pushing it, but it's a cohesive effort, if not quite a work of art.
	Guetta can't match the inexhaustible bliss of his Kelly Rowland–aided 2009 disco smash "When Love Takes Over," but he can make 50 Cent seem like an edgy Daft Punk fanboy, which is not an insubstantial trick.
	Those are rare flashes of heart, though, on an album that   ultimately feels colder than its sweat factor suggests. Those are rare flashes of heart, though, on an album that  ultimately feels colder than its sweat factor suggests.
	It's undeniably infectious, maddeningly so at times. [Oct 2011, p.120]
	Like One Love, Nothing But the Beat is about what gets people moving on the dance floor.
	If Guetta's fifth album doesn't convince you that he's the Bono of the four-on-the-floor beat, it does show how good he is at making Eurohouse's thumping trounce and jet-engine synth whoosh feel like natural elements in the hip-hop, R&B and even rock continuum.
	Without that soulful kind of anchor, Nothing But the Beat offers the same experience as one of Guetta's numerous remix sets, which is a compliment if you're a dancefloor and a caution if you're a pair of headphones.
	As packed and punchy as Black Eyed Peas on steroids, this is the sound of the overground.
	Nothing But The Beat is obsessed with the sex, swagger, and sensation of club culture, and taken individually, its songs are well-made, euphoric paeans to the dance-floor gods; but a deficiency of texture and emotional build causes them to blend into a predictable, exhausting murk of smoke and lasers.
	Nothing But the Beat is in many ways a showcase of everything that is bad about pop music in 2011: derivative, novelty, shallow, rushed, Auto-Tuned to the ends of the earth and thoroughly uninteresting.
	Nothing But the Beat may sound like a one-man hit parade, but it also takes its title far too literally.
	It's fine that none of this is the least bit subtle. Memorable, or anything other than baseline catchy, is another thing entirely. [#81, p. 56]
	Guetta might be one of the only people given partial credit for creating a sea change in pop music who's also unquestionably the least compelling example of that style.
	Guetta's trademark union of stadium trance and American R&B is represented in a glittering array of bling-encrusted collaborations (Snoop Dogg, Akon, Chris Brown) but they struggle to impose any distinctive personality on the overall mood of relentless rictus-grin-inducing euphoria.
	Despite the catchy singles, David Guetta made an awful job on this follow-up to 'One Love'. He is becoming a dance-pop version of previousDespite the catchy singles, David Guetta made an awful job on this follow-up to 'One Love'. He is becoming a dance-pop version of previous hitmaker, Timbaland. Only Titanium is a really good surprise in the album, with the Afrojack-helped song. (I did not listen to the instrumental CD)… Full Review »
	I have heard the entire album and assessing it is generally good, there are many styles of music, and many potential hits. I think he has doneI have heard the entire album and assessing it is generally good, there are many styles of music, and many potential hits. I think he has done a good job for me is a great CD but must be heard to appreciate it.… Full Review »
	Best Album David Guetta undoubtedly miss that time, I hope the album is more pro'ximo Nothing But The Beat and less ListenHighlights:Best Album David Guetta undoubtedly miss that time, I hope the album is more pro'ximo Nothing But The Beat and less ListenHighlights: Titanium and Turn Me OnLows: Sunshine and Night Of Your Life… Full Review »
	