This album is a wellspring of the bandmates' combined creativity and an ode to free-spirited artistic expression. Bravo.
	In a place where post-Warhol art-as-disposability has turned into all Snooki/Britney/Lindsey/Khardashians all the time, Blondie strikes a blow for pop culture that's not stupid, wasted and empty.
	Panic of Girls rushes forth on a sleek new wave disco pulse that's entirely unconcerned about whether '80s retro is in style this season or not. This is fashionable music existing outside the realm of fashion.
	They unapologetically rip into this album with a pulsating and mangled electro-pop opener called "D-Day", and rarely, if ever, lapse into giving people a poor photocopy of Parallel Lines.
	The best tracks on Panic of Girls have some edge and bite... though the all-points-of-the-compass eclecticism makes [it] sound somewhat disjointed and schizophrenic. [Aug. 2011, pg. 99]
	While Panic of Girls certainly advances Blondie's legacy as an influential and consistently relevant force, there are a few moments that, at best, improve upon repeated listening or at worst, taint the band's otherwise commendable return to recording.
	Yet, if the tunes sometimes sag, Debbie Harry's voice remains sharply sculpted.
	If only the other half of this album didn't spiral off into wretched reggae stylings, this would be alright.
	None of it will set the Saturday dancefloors on fire with pouting thrills, though it may sound cool enough over coffee in the cafes of Sunday morning.
	The weakness is the music. [Aug 2011, p.79]
	That Panic of Girls gives way from innovation to imitation is regrettable--but in an era in which bands are content to simply wheel out their back catalogue in return for a fat pay check, it's admirable that Blondie are still here and still looking forward, even if only fleetingly.
	It will do for the festivals but not without considerable help from their back catalogue.
	Throughout, the sound is brittle and strident, like space-rock-candy, with Deborah Harry's allure buried far too deeply in the crowded mix to be particularly effective.
	There is no sense of nostalgia here, only pure awkwardness and honest decadence that take the definition of 'kitsch' to unexpected artistic levels.
	They reportedly had some difficulties securing a label for this release. And Unfortunately, it's easy to see why; Girls hits the panic button pretty early on. [Jul 2011, p.78]
	A fan's opinion: Panic of Girls is the best after Eat to the Beat. Many of the songs take us back to their career highlights. What I Heard hasA fan's opinion: Panic of Girls is the best after Eat to the Beat. Many of the songs take us back to their career highlights. What I Heard has the powerful sound of Union City Blue while The End The End leads me to The Tide is High. It is amazing to see how Debbie's voice fits perfectly in the sound. I just hope Ghosts of Download to be released without label problems.… Full Review »
	