It's brighter, denser, catchier than either of its immediate predecessors, and boasts her most assured singing yet.
	While there's nothing as irresistibly catchy as "Under Rug Swept"'s magnificent "Hands Clean", the overall impression, musically speaking, is one of freshness, optimism and energy. But better still, it's smart, and sussed, and frequently funny as hell.
	Sonically, Morissette has hit a peak. [Jun 2004, p.109]
	She isn't exploring new emotional ground, but her personal delivery and self-deprecating tone still go a long way.
	While more musically complex than previous set "Under Rug Swept," "Chaos" has less experimentation and fewer vocal intricacies.
	Yes, she still has an interesting voice that's beautiful and quirky at the same time, but there's so much here to sift through and nothing much that immediately grabs you.
	It's too wordy by half, but underneath the psychobabble lies the most solid collection of AOR you're likely to encounter this year. [Jun 2004, p.105]
	So in effect it's business as usual, down to the crunchy (and pretty good) arena-rock that counterpoints the lyrics.
	Her signature sound -- voice snarling through a tangle of massed guitars -- is here, but so is a softer, more vulnerable tone. The melodies, while radio-ready, have a stomping insistence.
	Once more, her songs become little more than cloying ruminations or sarcastic harangues aimed at those who want to squash her individuality. [28 May 2004, p.121]
	The music rings proudly, but the narcissism is suffocating.
	One can only take so much well-adjustment before one gets sick of the instrumental and vocal sappiness and moves onto greener, more tormented pastures.
	How can Morrissette expect her introspection to be taken seriously when her songs sound like vintage Bryan Adams? [10 Jun 2004, p.91]
	By track three, something awful is apparent.
	She's lost track of almost everything that made her music marvellous. [Jun 2004, p.101]
	After its peak in Jagged little pill and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie and Under Rug Swept, we expected that alanis continue furtherAfter its peak in Jagged little pill and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie and Under Rug Swept, we expected that alanis continue further evolving in their next releases. What definitely did not happen! So-Called Chaos is a tacky disaster. Consists of ten songs Avril Lavigne standard pop / rock extremely boring, Alanis presents no novelty compared to their previous albums .The same themes, the same melodies pop / rock stressful and manufactured choruses that even worked in Under Rug Swept, but do not work aqui.So-Called Chaos is the worst album of alanis career and unsuccessful on the charts.… Full Review »
	It's a good album, but not a great album. The sound is more relaxed and radio friendly, but it misses some of the deep emotion that AlanisIt's a good album, but not a great album. The sound is more relaxed and radio friendly, but it misses some of the deep emotion that Alanis has. Still, there's plenty of appealing songs to choose from, such as "8 Easy Steps", "Excuses" and "Everything".… Full Review »
	One of the more enjoyable Alanis Morissette albums.
	