With its airy harmonies, nature narrative, and weeping slide guitars, Sun is the sound of a kid with his feet on Hollywood Boulevard and his head in the Sierras. [3 Feb 2006, p.70]
	When the songs are spare nothing feels left out, and when they're grandiosely band-heavy not one harmony or piano fill comes off as pilled on.
	The kind of album that might not make year-end lists, but just might make your year. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.109]
	Blake Sennett’s second album with The Elected is more magical and limitless than his first and reminds us why we love his projects in the first place.
	Even though it's downright schmaltzy at times, Sun, Sun, Sun is such a warm, inviting record that I've found myself going back to it time after time.
	The sunshiny pop of Sun, Sun, Sun is more magical in comparison to Me First. It features some of Sennett's most brilliant work to date, and the band's overall summery sound is much more cohesive here.
	An album of depth, emotion, and grandiosity as big as the American heartland. [#12, p.91]
	Sun, Sun, Sun is a modern pop simulacrum of traditional country, devoid of the electro accents that pocked the last Elected record, pretty delectable as long as you've a strong taste for ham.
	It sounds all too familiar.
	Like [Bright Eyes'] Conor Oberst, Sennett teeters between precious and wild. [#70, p.94]
	There is an easy-listening elegance to his songs, but the album plays out like a soundtrack to sipping coffee. [28 Jan 2006]
	At its best, The Elected offers moments of quirky intrigue – a brassy horn here, a hidden banjo there – reminiscent of the Long Winters' chamber-pop, but in general it's a bit too safe.
	Schmaltziness is the only real pitfall here.
	Takes Rilo's bright romance to a dreamy L.A.-rock extreme.
	Contains three best-of-year-brilliant songs. [Mar 2006, p.124]
	Sun, Sun, Sun is a likeable enough album, sure, but it leaves only the most faint of impressions.
	These amply melodic songs offer a style manual of orchestral pop and twinkly genre touches. [Mar 2006, p.112]
	Full of blissful harmonies that glide by one after another. [Mar 2006, p.107]
	Some of it sounds like coffee-shop background fodder. [Apr 2006, p.96]
	It's weird how this spiral of genial melodic plaints can sound so weak and self-pitying when it's sung by a pushy dude and not a smart, empathetic woman with a voice. [Feb 2006, p.87]
	While Sennett is often compared to Elliott Smith, at least vocally, there’s far more Badly Drawn Boy in his persona; his voice warbles meekly about waking up with the sun, eating butter, and smiling oceans, even while the egotism lingers.
	The songs are all melodic, and somewhat alluring in how they build sunshine from twinkling pianos, tambourines, and campfire guitars. But they tend to wash away together, under one big, bright sunbeam.
	Sennett's lilting accusations resemble buddy Conor Oberst minus the anti-Bush venom, but the homogeneous honesty, resplendent on "Not Going Home," ultimately grows tedious.
	The music itself isn’t quite as bad as the singing, but it still lacks the sincerity needed to keep Sun, Sun, Sun from sounding like a collection of Eagles’ outtakes.
	Sun, Sun, Sun is a really good album. Every track sounds wonderful. Very heartfelt album. Blake Sennet's vocals are really smooth and amazing.Sun, Sun, Sun is a really good album. Every track sounds wonderful. Very heartfelt album. Blake Sennet's vocals are really smooth and amazing. I highly enjoyed this album for what it was. B+… Full Review »
	completely different direction than "me first" but just as lovely - if not more! biggest star is simply put, the best elected song ever completely different direction than "me first" but just as lovely - if not more! biggest star is simply put, the best elected song ever recorded. this album is terrific!… Full Review »
	One of the best feel good albums of 2006. Highly recommended and highly addictive!!!
	