A devastatingly beautiful collection of songs, and in some circles, it could be the best album released this year. [May 2005, p.124]
	Everett finally delivers the absolute stone masterpiece fans have always known lurked inside his dour heart. [29 Apr 2005, p.147]
	It's an absolute must-buy release.
	Blinking Lights is an astonishing mélange of life and sound cycles, as much about the ghosts of the past as it is an optimistic hedge toward a pensioner’s age bracket Everett clearly endeavors to appreciate.
	Yes, this may well be the best of the Eels, his greatest achievement to date, because he reaches so far on nearly every track, and yet still finds something to grab on to.
	Some of the best-written songs of this new century. [#9]
	Intermittently funny and never depressing, this confirms him among America's greats. [May 2005, p.108]
	Dicing with folly at every stage and coming out victorious, 'Blinking Lights...' is sprawling, galling and downright enthralling.
	A DIY epic whose brief sorties into often spellbinding instrumental territory are pitstops in which to muse upon profound, touching or witty lyrics. [May 2005, p.95]
	E is one of the best songwriters America has to offer, and he has made as personal, poignant, and ultimately redeeming an album that you are ever going to hear.
	A masterpiece that celebrates life, in all of its horrific, painful, magical and wondrous glory.
	Calling an Eels album personal and somber seems redundant, but compared with the guitar-rock discord of the two preceding albums, this return to meticulously crafted pop miniatures seems even more inward-directed. [24 Apr 2005]
	A calmer work than its harrowing semi-classic prequel, Blinking Lights... is also less startling or focussed. [May 2005, p.109]
	The first disc of this double CD jangles nerves with pop songs which dissect personal issues through wider problems facing America, but the stunning second finds meaning to it all in a series of supernaturally beautiful ballads.
	Blinking Lights is a junk heap dotted with pretty flowers.
	A bipolar rock opera for the ages.
	Blinking Lights and Other Revelations is blessed because of -- not in spite of -- its excesses.
	An exquisitely produced magnum opus.
	A classic of sad pop. [23 Apr 2005, p.51]
	Everett's double-album masterpiece, a definitive catharsis.
	Although rhythm sections, strings, horns and overdubbed sha-la-la's do turn up, "Blinking Lights and Other Revelations" sounds most often like a man alone, coming to terms with himself and trying to muddle through. [2 May 2005]
	Everett demonstrates disarming wit, tear-stained awareness and heavenly loser love.
	Two albums of E musings is a bit much, but, on the whole, Blinking Lights does stand as a resounding return to form.
	There's a good album underneath all the filler-- probably the Eels' best since Electro-Shock Blues-- but it'll take some editing to excavate it.
	The harrowing track list of Electro-Shock just wears too thin here.
	The two discs offered here brim with ideas, some more navel-gazing than others. [#16, p.143]
	A 93 minute-long nervous breakdown that offers few concessions to the needs of the listener to be entertained.
	Minus the instrumentals (eight), tracks featuring guest stars (three), and songs whose only redeeming quality is their cool title (at least five, including "Son of a Bitch," "I’m Going to Stop Pretending I Didn’t Break Your Heart," and "Whatever Happened to Soy Bomb"), you’re really only left with a handful of bonafide Eels tunes.
	