From the get-go Freedom Of Speech takes no prisoners. [Mar 2012, p.93]
	Her flow is rock-solid but nimble and complex and apparently effortless despite the weird and shifting beats.
	Her debut promised much; Freedom Of Speech sees Speech Debelle delivering on that promise.
	Social commentary ('Blaze Up A Fire'), emotional nudity ('Elephant') and confessional bravery ('Angel Wings') illuminate a warm, honest album.
	Debelle is not always easy company and can veer into self-absorption, but the album is refreshingly outspoken and, with help from producer Kwes, musically daring.
	Armed with rich, booming backdrops, live analogue beats and rising string flourishes, she works the ever-awkward business of injecting nods to the sensitive and self-referential expertly, her words coming across more contemplative than indulgently pious... A solid return.
	Freedom of Speech is clearly political, standing up to hardships of the modern world, tackling issues in a very mature way with intelligent and insightful lyrics.
	As a work of art, it's sometimes sketchy, always pleasant and gentle, often uplifting, skilled and technically confident. As a statement, it's a bold one.
	[She] sticks to the formula of soft-spoken polemical raps and gritty lo-fi beats. [Mar 2012, p. 97]
	The odd gauche moment remains, but her plaudits are not undeserved. [Mar 2012, p.98]
	A pleasantly surprising, if patchy, return.
	There are moments when her A-Level Debating Club earnestness gets the better of her, but there's still three quarters of a great album here.
	Smart, thoughtful lyrics about everything from iPods to the Arab Spring.
	Debelle's sound loses a level of what made it so unique [in her debut] by moving from the jazzy, instrumental accompaniment to rapping over more digital beats. [Mar 2012, p.88]
	Freedom of Speech shows that one of Britain's most intriguing hopes still has some serious thinking to do.
	Speech Debelle shows some welcome signs of maturity on this follow-up.
	Caught up in the importance of her themes, she loses sight of her music's ability to convey them.
	