It's precisely Winehouse's lyrics... that raise this expertly crafted set into the realm of true, of-the-minute originality. [16 Mar 2007, p.67]
	There's something beguilingly perverse about the incongruity between Winehouse's trifling lyrical concerns and Back To Black's wall-of-sound richness.
	Back to Black stands in testament to the fact that talent and originality still exist.
	A guileless, brutal breakup album that can sit with the best of them, set to the sounds of music's finest early rock moments. [17 Mar 2007]
	There isn't a second's worth of music here that doesn't come mink-swathed in note-perfect retro sound, or a song that isn't worthy of it.
	A 21st-century soul classic.
	Winehouse remains one of modern music's most original voices and is now emerging as arguably the finest soul singer of her generation. [Nov 2006, p.116]
	Her efforts have crafted a soul album that is resistant to any claims of mere charlatanism, a record that brings a modern tongue to a classic style.
	Although Back to Black does see her deserting jazz and wholly embracing contemporary R&B, all the best parts of her musical character emerge intact, and actually, are all the better for the transformation from jazz vocalist to soul siren.
	Who needs love when heartbreak sounds this bloody good?
	It's a superb comeback, and one of the best albums of the year.
	Back To Black is just a darkly rockin' good time, which will hopefully spark a new trend away from R&B's sickening slickification.
	It works - even though this area of pop culture has been mined remorselessly for the past 50 years - by dint of its clever melody lines and smart lyrics.
	Back To Black is by far the best popular soul album I’ve heard this year.
	A wonderfully time-twisted batch of songs. [12 Mar 2007]
	While never musically abrasive, [it] is riddled with enough trademark lyrical barbs and sung with sufficient Eartha Kitt-ish snarl that the listening is never too easy. [Nov 2006, p.134]
	Back to Black is overflowing with the '60s Supremes warmth that has been fully absent from the "standards" of today's R&B. [Apr 2007, p.108]
	To put it succinctly, Amy Winehouse has made a really good record.
	Damn, it feels good.
	[It] sounds fantastic--partly because the production nails sample-ready '60s soul right down to the drum sound' and partly because Winehouse is one hell of an impressive singer. [Apr 2007, p.121]
	Back to Black finds a fearless artist saying whatever she damn well pleases.
	She's just as full of herself, but she now has a voice brimming with womanly promise. [Nov 2006, p.149]
	Even if her vulgarity is her main selling point, she's more than just a novelty act.
	Fortunately, Winehouse has been blessed by a brassy voice that can transform even mundane sentiments into powerful statements.
	The tunes don't always hold up. But the best ones are impossible to dislike. [22 Feb 2007, p.76]
	Disappointing, then, that the eight-track ‘bonus disc’ opens with a cover of a cover: a lo-fi version of ‘Valerie’. [Review of Deluxe Edition]
	