The album is full of this kind of mish-mash, but it never feels forced or too clever. In fact, it's the apparent lack of thought that makes the whole thing work.
	It's really hard not to get excited about this. Perhaps the bar just gets raised as I get less and less surprised by your typical garden-variety rock, but this sounds like a band hitting their stride and bashing out a great record.
	Her solos are occasionally undone by Castle Talk's thin, untreated production-but a record that could so convincingly slip into the back catalog of SST or Kill Rock Stars shouldn't sound state-of-the-art anyway.
	Castle Talk is their Born To Run, scrappy and brimming with flashes of greatness; it's the album that could very well launch them into a lasting place in the indie rock canon.
	The rhythm section no longer plays the shadows either, blurting out Black Flag–circa-'81 bluster as a deceptively simple assist for their leader's colorful wheedle and strident wail.
	Rather than muzzle their ferocity, the band's tight, tense dynamic amplifies the fuck-off stridency of their fourth LP, Castle Talk.
	Taken as a whole, Castle Talk is leaps and bounds ahead of any other Screaming Females album. Take the album track by track, however, and you'll notice the very few tracks that just fall flat on their face.
	Their latest, Castle Talk, isn't a staggering improvement on that front. It feels--and, in its middle section even more than on Power Move--not so much a cohesive, self-contained album as a collection of Screaming Females songs that will sound very good live.
	Screaming Females do not get me because I'm not surprised by them. I enjoy Castle Talk, but it's academic.
	Castle Talk's best moments are reminiscent of the products of the '80s underground scene, when bands like the Minutemen and Dinosaur Jr. made music that was too raw and energetic not to be punk, but rejected the amateurish orthodoxy that plagued so much of the genre. Screaming Females accomplish something similar.
	Screaming Females are too talented for Castle Talk to be anything but a solid album. But "solid" is a word I never wanted to use for Screaming Females.
	"Normal" offers the most accessible punk foot-tapper that races past but leaves you wanting more. [Nov 2010, p.97]
	