Whether soft or loud, these 12 songs are exquisite.
	There's a lot of ground covered here, of course, yet the band never loses sight of its destination, and those who can keep up are in for a tuneful journey.
	Somehow, though, it soars, the title track especially.
	Oh My God, Charlie Darwin is a lovely self-release in a beautiful homemade sleeve from a group who can really play.
	These are magical songs laden with imagery and poignancy.
	The album closes with a reprise of 'To Ohio'--possibly superfluous given the perfection of the earlier version, but the only marginal misjudgement on an otherwise largely faultless album.
	Oh My God, Charlie Darwin may well be the second best cabin-in-winter indie album ever made. [Jul 2009, p.96]
	Just as Waits has the power to infuse you with familiarity with the return of a chord, so do the songs of Oh My God, Charlie Darwin, like an embroidered pillow on an old porch that says ‘home sweet home’.
	As they expose the fragility of love and ultimately humanity, and mourn evolution's victims, they pitch themselves somewhere between Neil Young's heart-rending "Needle And The Damage Done" and a hard-bitten Dylan going electric, all the while retracing traditional folk's footsteps with a wonderfully homespun flourish.
	They're intriguingly ambivalent, but the conundrums are so beautifully and hauntingly put, you'll want to revisit them. [Jul 2009, p.125]
	Re-mastered and re-sequenced from the album's initial September 2008 release, Oh My God flawlessly balances heartfelt warbles with gritty countryside wails.
	The Low Anthem finds the balance of apocalypse and subtlety sought by the Avett or Felice Brothers but never wrangled so effectively.
	A peek at the liner notes for Oh My God, Charlie Darwin—which solemnly states that the album was recorded “in the solace of a Block Island winter”--suggests that Rhode Island’s The Low Anthem is angling to be this year’s Bon Iver. The music itself does nothing to dispel the notion.
	As Anthem's zithers, pump organs, oil drums, and tibetan singing bowls thrum like summer insects, scientists and spiritualist alike can't help but bow to these haunting paeans to America's heartland. [Summer 2009, p.100]
	The Low Anthem still needs to devise its own uptempo approach. But the quieter the music gets, in an elegy like 'To Ohio' or a conditional reassurance like '(Don’t) Tremble,' the more its music inhabits its own otherworldly place, where ghosts and angels hover just out of view.
	A welcome addition to the intricate patchwork quilt of the new wave of Americana.
	'Oh My God' drags during the sparser songs, and the too-cute 'Charlie Darwin' suffers from lyrics like "The lords of war just profit from decay." But pretty ones like 'Cage the Songbird' are comfort-food folk and uptempo tracks like the raucous, Pogues-y singalong 'The Horizon Is a Beltway' are even better.
	Warm-hearted folk pop from New England.
	