The combination of old-school melody and post-mod dissonance is risky, bold, and one of the most exciting releases of the year so far.
	God is an album perfect for daytime iPod consumption--and suitable for keeping the party bumping well after midnight. [Apr 2009, p.142]
	Peppered with hip-hop connections (E-40, Ghostface Killah, Freeway), equally informed by raw Chicago house and the riff-worshipping of Jesse’s previous (DFA 1979), and finally free of the omnipresent vocoder, it’s near-essential stuff.
	John Legend phones it in somewhat, and Ghostface Killah makes little sense, but the brain-pummelling tecno that punctuates the latter's profane offerings certainly makes the best of it. [Jul 2009, p.106]
	All in all, passably decent party music, but lacking in the divine touch its title might imply.
	Fist isn't quite a God punch, but it hits with legit impact.
	Fist delivers a gut punch of awesomely distorted synths and raw, kicks-and-snares percussion....But maintaining a fist-pumping pace can be exhausting.
	Despite any pretensions otherwise, their second album sounds a lot like the Day-Glo disco and retro house being pushed by every other hip indie-dance act right now.
	Not a mind-blowing work of art, but expect at least a few more singles to blow up over the next few months.
	Fist of God is very much in step with all the party rage of every other club track album that’s been released in the last year or so--and that’s exactly its problem.
	In a way, this is representative of the album--it's got all the right moves in place, but MSTRKRFT's handle on content is still slightly lagging behind their facility for tone and form.
	Dust off your dancing shoes. [Spring 2009, p.79]
	Their second album is a guest-packed party record built from monster beats, churning synths and power chords, and if there's nothing here that Daft Punk haven't done before, it wins points for sheer muscular euphoria.
	Overall this is splendid nonsense. [Jul 2009, p.128]
	MSTRKRFT keep things bouncing, but they never match Daft Punk or Justice on the hook or cleverness quotient.
	Fist of God is surprisingly decent if you can manage to divorce it from its lame context.
	'Heartbreaker' is a great song--musical, dance-y, poppy, and interesting--that puts the other artists-in-residence to shame. All the rest is jogging music.
	Listening to this record, made me feel like the Andy Rooney of dance/electronic music. [Winter 2009, p.92]
	All the charm and fun to be found of "Looks" ends up being pulverized by this bland ambition, and Fist of God ends up being just a loud, inspiration-free, truly disappointing dance album that fails to capture ears or move feet.
	MSTRKRFT make a racket that's impressive at first but eventually the echoes of it return to bite them.
	It’s all so cold and empty and irritating.
	In a genre filled with faceless artists, MSTRKRFT only manage to stand out by being exceptionally faceless.
	