Ersatz G.B. offers no easy explanations, but instead twists and excites the listener's brain with unexpected phantom bewilderments. [Dec 2011, p.100]
	Studio record No. 29, Ersatz G.B., delivers a heavy, ornery style of discontent. It's one of their best.
	With so many distinctive elements to their music – the ever-present Mark E. Smith, on whom most of the band's writing falls, that frenetic post-punk energy, and the garbled, often subversive, offensive, or disgusting lyrics – it becomes difficult to write about one album without placing it in the context of the others.
	The [line-up] present on Ersatz G.B. were also present for 2008's Imperial Wax Solvent and 2010's Your Future, Our Clutter, records that showed enough touches of class, craft and ingenuity to reassure The Fall's notoriously hardcore following that the future was surprisingly rosy.
	Ersatz GB still trumps most records released this year as, one suspects, The Fall always will.
	There's really only one salient truth about "Ersatz GB" – that The Fall, even at nearly 30 albums old, still stand alone and aloft.
	Some might find the group's repetitive grooves too smooth a match for all Smith's spewing. But his bark infects everything around it. [Nov 2011, p.58]
	Although the consistency of last year's Your Future... is not reached, there are some fine moments.
	Ersatz G.B. is a lesser Fall album, not as good as Your Future Our Clutter or The Real New Fall LP, and certainly not on a par with earlier landmarks like Slates and Hex Induction Hour.... Even so... there's enough fire and venom here to excuse occasional soft spots.
	It's not up there with their very best, but it's actually not that far off.
	Ersatz GB is a fine addition to an excellent recent salvo.
	There's still not enough testosterone on display for it to count as one of their very best, but it's not half bad.
	There are moments of genuine wonder. [Jan 2012, p.120]
	Contains a set of willingly - and often tedious - half-finished songs, forming a clumsy collage (cover art reference) that is actually more coherent and better enjoyed when contextualized within the band's 34-year trajectory.
	Shadowed by a might past, in Ersatz GB, this is a strictly prefabricated Fall. [Dec 2011, p.82]
	The mess can be tense and charmed, or just dull. Ersatz G. B. is too often dull.
	Everyone already knows what to expect and, largely, they'd be right.
	The problem with The Fall in 2011 is straightforward, really. The band isn't very good. Or, to put it another way, they are very slick and versatile rock musicians, but they have absolutely no sound of their own.
	Ersatz G.B.'s abrasiveness, inscrutability, and tedium are increasingly tough to take with repeated close listening... a shabby, grueling album.
	