Fittingly, Maraqopa finally puts Jurado in a position to shine.
	Maraqopa is a shooting star, an album bursting with presence of mind, a testimony to emotional rebirth buoyed by recurring themes of freedom and transcendence.
	One of the most compelling [albums of his 15-year career]. [Apr 2012, p.95]
	Despite minor quibbles what you have here is one hell of a late-night record, with plenty of wistful longing and just enough sunshine to keep you off the suicide hotline.
	Maraqopa is melodious, sprawling in all the right ways, even a little ramshackle.
	Maraqopa is, at times, a sumptuous sigh of a record, the sound of a man exploring a territory he's earned the right to claim as his own.
	The risks that Damien Jurado and producer Richard Swift take on Maraqopa are small and subtle adjustments to those already made on Saint Bartlett, but they are small steps which reap exquisite rewards for the listener.
	These songs are probably Jurado's most ambitious portraits yet in terms of ideas and eclecticism.
	It results in his most adventurous and fulfilling work to date.
	Maraqopa's experimentations aren't those of a young musician set loose in a studio full of new toys. Rather, with this newest release, Jurado demonstrates that, at this late date in his career, he may just be hitting his stride.
	While continuing to deliver the intimate songs of hopeless love and regret for his longtime fans, he stills finds ways to surprise as he works with his magician-like collaborator.
	Jurado and Swift are onto something in the conjunction of rough-hewn folk and atmospheric electronics, and if anything, they have gotten better at integrating the two elements into a whole.
	One of Jurado's strongest albums in an encouraging line of strong albums.
	The result is near-perfection. [Mar 2012, p.97]
	Here the pair [Richard Swift and Damien Jurado] resume roles for an equally enchanting follow-up. [Feb 2012, p.96]
	This album is more of a mood piece, its melodic rewards teased out over time and drenched in the type of steady rain that his home state is known for.
	The more these songs scratch at that dried surface, the more fertile soil they reveal underneath.
	It's just wonderfully consistent, satisfyingly familiar.
	His tenth studio record retains the open-air dreaminess of Saint Bartlett, but it also keeps his sacred sense of songwriting, his careful guitar fixtures, and his understated demeanor. [Mar 2012, p.84]
	Maraqopa spans genres, production techniques, and songwriting styles, all while retaining an overarching and unifying aesthetic: a cohesive haze of distance.
	Maraqopa sounds like the place he's been searching for all along. [Mar 2012, p.105]
	Jurado still seems fully intent on liberating his music while evading expectation.
	