The Sunset Tree is one of the most volatile, affecting and coherent records he’s made yet.
	Ultimately the album is bolstered by the risks he takes, and though it trips a bit and never quite achieves the direct vision of previous efforts, it's rewarding nonetheless, for the perspective it brings to Darnielle's body of work.
	It's a gloves-off catharsis occurring in real time for the gifted singer/songwriter, and it leaves a mark on the listener as well.
	While the material is at times uncomfortable and discomfiting, one can't help but be fascinated - and a little touched.
	It may be Mr. Darnielle's best album so far (which is saying a lot) and his most straightforwardly autobiographical (which isn't saying much). [25 Apr 2005]
	That’s the first thing that’s striking about The Sunset Tree: the arrangements on this record are spectacular.
	Darnielle has not lost his talent for storytelling. [#15, p.99]
	Darnielle's written some of the toughest and most open-souled music of his lo-fi outlet's oft-brilliant history. [May 2005, p.110]
	Sunset Tree is Darnielle’s finest hour.
	The further [Darnielle] drifts from his lo-fi allegiances and into lush studio environments, the more autobiography intersects with the dramatic storytelling which has always been the Californian's forte. [Jun 2005, p.98]
	The Sunset Tree may just be The Mountain Goats's most poetic, coherent work.
	There’s so much here to enjoy, we can tolerate the occasional lyrical overreach.
	This is a record that only Darnielle could pull off: in the hands of a less skilled writer and vocalist, it would fall flat or grate the nerves as so much hyperemotional posturing.
	Cathartic and essential.
	These surging, wordy confessionals are sometimes redemptive but never maudlin. [May 2005, p.121]
	The emotions on The Sunset Tree are raw. It's a testament to Darnielle's abilities that he reins in those emotions enough to create such a powerful and coherent exhibit of his internal life.
	The Sunset Tree feels like Darnielle's most personal record to date, and it's certainly his most immediately accessible, musically speaking.
	Clearly, John Darnielle has a life story that’s inspiring as more than just the tale of an unconventional indie rock hero. Now that he’s making his best music, I think we can all be glad that he’s finally telling it.
	You might think that an album about child abuse would be hard to listen to, but as always, hearing Darnielle's lyrics is an honor and a privilege.
	The cleaned-up sound and aggressive posturing make The Mountain Goats sound like a youthful Bruce Springsteen backed by The Waterboys.
	The Mountain Goats find a way to bounce back from the psychiatrist-worthy lyrics with strong, vibrant but subtly crafted compositions.
	He sometimes wastes these tales on coy indie-folk, but when he cuts to the bone... the results can be extraordinary. [13 May 2005, p.89]
	Oddly, at times it seems like Darnielle works more movingly and astutely when he's inventing his tales rather than partaking in personal anecdote and/or trauma.
	Not exactly a comfortable listen, but Darnielle's candour can't be faulted. [Jun 2005, p.109]
	Digs into childhood trauma with all the acoustic verve and wit you expect from this guy.
	An album where even the lesser songs contain at least one exceptional moment. [#10, p.116]
	The Sunset Tree can be bleak, but it's also redemptive. [#68, p.104]
	If you've ever wondered what growing up in middle-class 1970s America would have been like, these deeply personal revelations are for you. [30 Apr 2005, p.64]
	