Gorgeous fuzz guitar leads and glam rock glitter dominate, offset by soft layered harmonies and dreamy textures.
	Teen dreaminess aside, Dye It Blonde shows that Smith Westerns' giddy mash-ups of stately Beatles melodies and T. Rex swagger play even better when buffed to a high gloss.
	The band never merely repeats itself here, creating a record that sounds at once cohesive and loaded with singles. It's a rare feat, and one that usually gets overlooked by critics shooting for the zeitgeist. Good for us that we didn't miss out on this one.
	The band recorded in a real New York City studio, with a real producer, Chris Coady (Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Beach House). And the songs are even better.
	This is why Dye It Blonde is truly a success: the band have moved from the garage noise-rock sound to a much more atmospheric one wherein the noise is harnessed into multiple layers of melodic instrumentation.
	Though the leap is audibly huge, Dye It Blonde's many successes aren't wholly the result of its gilded production values and ambition. This band was able to furnish first-class melodies from the beginning. Now they've grown along with their resources.
	It's that mix of dedication to cool and earnestness that makes Dye it Blond endearing and surprisingly timeless despite its obvious wink to the past.
	An effortless marriage of modern dream-pop loops and classical 70s guitar lines, it entertains notions of Thin Lizzy and Steely Dan, while producer Chris Coady lends the whole a steadfastly modern feel. [Jun 2011, p.120]
	This is glorious summer music, possibly the summer of 1974, but sunshine all round none the less.
	Dye It Blonde has unexpectedly crept into contention for being my favourite record of 2011 so far.
	Smith Westerns might not play barre chords, but they're properly good songwriters – smart kids with mean tunes, sharp minds and great record collections.
	Hooks, in fact, are the thing here: Dye It Blonde is crowded with them. It's a joy to hear a band who want you to enjoy their music, not just admire it.
	Smith Westerns are that rare treat: an intelligent indie band with a love of a good tune and a good time.
	When you have the knack, as this band most clearly have, of infusing your music with such full and rich emotion, then it makes sense to use that as your primary method of conveying meaning.
	The band isn't doing anything that hasn't been done before, but damn if that doesn't seem to matter a lick while listening to the record. It's just too youthful, effervescent, and charming.
	Anyone who liked the debut and was filled with apprehension about what would happen next will be pleasantly surprised, and might even end up liking this record more.
	The Chicagoans' sophomore full-length is tightened and scrubbed clean of a few of the layers of reverb that doused their debut, bringing to the forefront an ambitious and dexterous level of songwriting that belies their ever-so-slightly-post-adolescent ages.
	Dye It Blonde blows away the fuzz and polishes the scratchy sounds off their last recordings, revealing a whole lot of something we didn't hear before.
	It would be more of a worry if Dye It Blonde's high points weren't so revelatory or well-executed because while it's not a conceptually brilliant record, there are enough triumphs to score a summer romance and get cut up on mix CDs.
	At the very least, Dye It Blonde is a promising step forward for a group that's still growing into its talents.
	When the band amps up the tragic guitars and the vocal swoon, Dye it Blonde convincingly creates its own world.
	Dye It Blonde slows down a tad, too often eschewing bright, spot-on hooks in favor of washed-out '60s texture. But when they get it, they really get it.
	Notably talented musicians, expect that by their next album, Smith Westerns won't just emulate their influences, but fully embody what could become a unique sound. [Feb. 2011, p. 72]
	Dye It Blonde ends up capturing the post-Beatles hole in the most authentic way possible.
	The second disc from this Chicago trio is what David Bowie might call a total blam-blam--an overpowering blast of glam-rocking gorgeousness.
	Doing their best to make the most out of a situation and other people's preconceived notions and arbitrarily established boundaries, the boys of Smith Westerns made their Britpop magnum opus, for better or for worse. Here's to the next cut and color they choose.
	Dye It Blonde certainly demonstrates polish over its predecessor with the leap to Fat Possum.
	The remainder unfurls in similar fashion: laudably spirited, often astoundingly catchy and entirely indebted to the past. [Jun 2011, p.101]
	Elsewhere the good time roll with tuneful consistency as singer Cameron Omori arranges his affairs of the heart into three-minute teen-dreams called "Dance Away" and "Fallen In Love." [Jun 2011, p.96]
	Dye It Blonde may be a more accomplished production than Smith Westerns, but it's also a roundly enervating creation, drained of the fuzzy promise that defined the band's debut.
	