Auerbach delivers the goods with spooky, sleazy and soulful style.
	Dan Auerbach was responsible for helping make one of the better albums of 2008, and Keep It Hid is already a contender in 2009.
	Auerbach moves flawlessly through all of his favorite frames of references. [Mar 2009, p.112]
	Fans of Auerbach’s previous material may miss Patrick Carney’s percussion, but Keep It Hid is something else entirely, an opportunity for Auerbach to flex all his musical muscles without confining Carney’s own strength.
	While Auerbach may or may not be keeping anything removed from sight, what he's revealed so far will keep us coming back for more. [Winter 2009, p.92]
	Keep It Hid, his first collection of solo recordings, never strays too far from the plaque-covered crackle of his day-job riffs; when it does, the well-worn results flirt with rootsy perfection.
	Dan Auerbach has veered off the garage-rock path now and then throughout the Black Keys' career, and this solo debut reaffirms that he's no one-trick pony.
	Auerbach shows his vocal range again and again, actually singing instead of just howling at the moon, and his knack for warm production is impressive.
	variety here, but Keep It Hid never draws attention to Auerbach's eclecticism, especially because it moves along at a rapid clip, never staying in one place too long.
	Not only is Keep it Hid a very good album but it’s an album that contrary to popular belief, should not be ignored.
	It is an album in the original sense of the word, offering a coherent display of Auerbach’s influences.
	Spun-out psychedelia, world-weary Appalachian bluegrass and soulful blues make up his first solo album, proving that in the right hands, nostalgia can become a delicate, authentic rediscovery rather than the clunky retread that so many settle for.
	From the lurking threat of 'Street Walkin'' to the pretty sadness of closer 'Goin' Home,' this is outsider's music. Therein lie its real strength. [Mar 2009, p.110]
	By the time he gets to the whiskey-soaked lament 'Whispered Words' you'll be wishing you had a back porch. [Mar 2009, p.93]
	While there is no denying that Keep It Hid is the product of one half of modern rock’s most invigorating duos, Auerbach is able to mix in enough of his own spice to make the album a worthwhile affair.
	Black Keys singer-guitarist Dan Auerbach opens his first solo outing with an acoustic country blues that sounds utterly authentic but signifies mainly as a museum-quality reproduction. Fortunately, the rest of Keep It Hid hews more closely to the Keys’ scuzz-encrusted, blunt-instrument assault.
	Keep It Hid suggests just as strongly that Auerbach is able to stand as a compelling solo act.
	It’s admirable that Auerbach would want to start looking outside of the limitations he and fellow Key Patrick Carney put on themselves at the jump by bringing in a full band to augment his sound. But there’s not much on Keep It Hid to enjoy that couldn’t have come from the Black Keys.
	A highly accomplished solo debut from Auerbach. [Winter 2009, p.69]
	The self-produced debut from guitarist/vocalist Dan Auerbach isn't quite the revelation it should be, though he demonstrates his keen versatility with like-minded grooves.
	As it is, the more Auerbach changes things, the more they stay the same.
	It Hid lacks the brutish force of the Keys' stuff, but it makes up for it with variety.
	Keep It Hid is guitarist and singer Dan Auerbach’s affirmation of ragged principles, self-recorded with blunt, squawky ax-picking and loving lo-fi grit. The sentiments can be snoozily familiar.
	