Lightbody and company manage to deliver an unyielding and substantially satisfying collection of high quality upbeat tracks and atmospheric ballads.
	Fallen Empires is typically and unashamedly arena-friendly bombast ... leavened by leader Gary Lightbody's often appealing insecurity.[Dec. 2011 p. 134]
	It's not where you want to spend all of your listening time, but it's comforting at worst and occasionally fantastic.
	For all the sentiment, it's the simplest stuff that rings true.
	Snow Patrol still have the potential to hit the sweet spot between U2's stadium baiting, Coldplay's icy elegance, and Elbow's art school-infused, north country soul.
	Although the sparkling production of Empires doesn't allow for much in the way of nuance or detail, Snow Patrol still attacks the choruses of "You Are" and "The Weight Of Love" with enough oomph that you can already hear the stadium sing-a-longs.
	What makes this all feel reasonably unforced is the abiding earnestness in the songwriting.
	Get these cuts [I'll Never Let Go and Called Out In The Dark] out of the way, though, and Fallen Empires settles down and improves.
	It works, sometimes.
	In the first few songs they stretch themselves creatively and come up with promising results, but halfway through it's back to overwrought ballads and middle-of-the-road mid-tempo rock songs.
	Although the variation in styles doesn't make for the most cohesive album, the default mood is still downbeat but anthemic--songs for couples to cling tightly to one another while raising mobiles in the air.
	Overall, it's their most spirited effort yet, and the changes have been deftly effected in a way which shouldn't alienate their core fanbase too much.
	Whether they're trying to obscure the songs' perceived flaws or make some sort of dazzling artistic statement, the band opts for grandiose production (courtesy of Jacknife Lee) and sprawling arrangements--cue the orchestra and the choir--that blunt the effect of Lightbody's deceptively strong songwriting.
	Keyboard effects aside, it's the same-old same-old, and whether you love Snow Patrol or hate 'em, Fallen Empires will do little to change your mind.
	Snow Patrol fall back to the blandly inoffensive safe zone--though at least they sound a little brighter.
	Every successful band eventually put out a bloated album, and for Northern Ireland's Snow patrol, it's Fallen Empires. [Feb 2012, p.84]
	Ultimately Snow Patrol fare best when they play to their strengths.
	You get the sense they're shooting for something epic, something that would sound just as big as the pop bangers on radio, but the results are goofy.
	Packs too many failed experiments. [Dec. 2011 p. 98]
	It's an hour of radio-friendly pop-rock in a Deacon Blue meets pre-ironic U2 vein, all over-reverbed vocals and mildly modish electronics.
	Choruses range from slushy ("Oh you will never know how much I love you so") to barren ("This is all you ever asked for, this is all you'll get"), but sometimes there's a shard of sincere sentiment.
	The quartet are once again  playing it safe with their crowd-pleasing formula of surging riffs, queasily memorable choruses and lyrics which, like Mystic Meg horoscopes burn with portent while saying nothing. [Dec 2011, p.96]
	Moments of the Jacknife Lee-produced album are assured--Gary Lightbody over-emotes particularly well on the maudlin "Life-ning" and "The Symphony" is rightfully pompous--but the uneasy truth is that Snow Patrol are merely background dinner party music for accountants.
	Their sixth album, however, sticks too rigidly to the formula.
	Yet for all the textural variety they provide, those welcome cameos rarely succeed in leavening Lightbody's pervasive gloom.
	