It's tightly focused, beautifully written, and totally without filler.
	Beirut’s brilliant debut album is full of grandeur and intimacy, with accordions, ukuleles and brass instruments complementing contemporary notions like drum machines and digestible song structures while simultaneously channeling the ancient appeal of Balkan folk music.
	Though he may not have the experience in years, he more than makes up for it in the way he crafts his songs.
	Precocious, other-worldly and vividly ambitious.
	An outstanding debut album, and easily one of my favorite releases of the year so far.
	Far more redolent of 1920s Bucharest than modern-day Albuquerque. [2 Jun 2006, p.84]
	Right off the bat, you realize this is serious music for serious listeners.
	The tumescent, endlessly inventive songs are seldom less than exquisitely performed.
	It's the ageless warmth and humanity that makes the clashing elements work.
	A record of rare and strange beauty. [4 Nov 2006, p.33]
	An emotive, atmospheric dreamworld that sounds like an echo from history.
	An astonishingly moving distillation of Eastern European melancholia with elegant histrionics a la Rufus Wainwright. [Dec 2006, p.141]
	So, yes: this is cuddly, warm and intimate, just like all your favorite blogs have said.
	Time and again, the most powerful element of Gulag Orkestar, and what ought to be emphasized, is Condon's acrobatic, powerful, emotionally nuanced voice.
	The second half of the album wallows in the shadow of the first, unable to conjure the absolute majesty of the first four tracks.
	A wonderful debut. [#14]
	Ignore the clunky lyrics... and Gulag Orkestar is an infinitely more appealing album.
	Beirut's mournful horn riffs, driving piano, sprightly ukulele, dense percussion and occasional synth loops proved haunting and entrancing at best, flat-out morose at worst, and benignly pretty the rest of the time.
	Delightfully downtrodden. [24 Aug 2006, p.90]
	It's impressive... but it will be interesting to see whether his undoubted talent will flourish beyond such a conceit. [Sep 2006, p.83]
	It's not without fault; too many songs and too little variation between the tracks detract from unequivocal enjoyment. Much more of an album to admire, rather than cherish.
	The 11 tracks of Gulag Orkestar are very good, but not the stunning achievement you might be led to believe they are.
	