This array of whomping exotica reflects its creator's appetite for any Third World dance movement he can get his ears on, including such new ones on me as kuduro, barefoot, and -- from the mysterious depths of the District of Columbia -- Moombahton​!
	Their self-titled debut is a 12-track, 45-minute workout, and it so effectively hits you warm in the gut with distortion and stick-to-your-ribs melodies that you won't just wish you were 20 again; you'll realize there's no subscribed age qualification for that wonderful feeling you get while listening to this record.
	This band's self-titled debut (on Fat Possum) is disarming all the same, certain to be one of the year's most unabashedly beautiful albums.
	Anyone can recreate a sound, but Yuck succeeds where most bands fail by digging under the surface to capture the spirit and magic that made the music of their beloved idols possible.
	It's the seamless simplicity in which the record flows that defines this masterful debut.
	Yes, it's clearly obvious what Yuck's main influences are; they're placed very firmly on the band's sleeve. But with sounds that tie the band to modern indie as much as alt-rock, Yuck have crafted something incredibly refreshing, and more importantly, good.
	Yuck are worth hearing not so much because of who they sound like, but what they've done with those sounds.
	Strip away the noise and you'll realize that the charm of Yuck is rooted in fundamentals of great songwriting. [March 2011, p. 108]
	The songcraft on display here indicates that a similar crossover future is not outside the realm of possibility for these young Brits.
	Crucially, as well as nailing the sound perfectly, they do so with a winning passion. [March 2011, p. 117]
	Reflecting their influences without becoming burdened under them, their self-titled debut is an impressively varied beast.
	It's a brilliant, timeless debut and a must-listen.
	Even with the growing pains, Yuck has learned well from the best and it probably won't be long before this group starts to teach some lessons of its own.
	What sets Yuck apart is their excellent songwriting. It takes hooks to pull off songs like these, even if they're buried under piles of grunge, and Yuck have hooks in scores.
	To bypass Yuck would be imbecilic simply because their debut contains some of the most effortlessly hard-hitting, heart-hitting pop of 2011.
	The secret is their infallible way with a tune: tracks such as "Get Away" and the single "Georgia" possess a beguiling melodic charm that illuminates the lo-fi boy/girl vocal delivery of Blumberg and his sister Ilana, bringing uplift where once all might have been gloom.
	In fact, a lot of the album may be confused for being from another time period. But nostalgia works in the band's favor on this first release--even though it wears its influences right on its sleeve.
	The lyrics sound like the work of very young people striving for depth--Suck rhymes crucifixion, benediction, addiction and affliction in a kind of religion-and-drugs bingo--but given that they are very young, that can be forgiven.
	There are a lot of good songs on here, to the point where the band's consistency can border on monotony.
	Their love of shoegaze and loud/quiet '90s guitar rock is unadulterated and it translates into the songs and the sound, making it a pure and easy-to-love album for all those who have ever been fans themselves.
	Yuck channel their college-rock jones with skill and charm, balancing in-the-red guitar fuzz with melodic sweetness.
	Theirs is an easily digestible, less angst-ridden take on grunge, with a fizzing, infectious youthfulness to it. Definitely one to keep a close eye on this year.
	They successfully hit many of rock's sweet spots on this debut LP.
	Yuck's self-titled debut is a well-timed early-'90s period piece through and through.
	Yuck have managed to craft a surprisingly accomplished album for a band that's only a little more than a year old. [Feb 2011, p.69]
	They're not really revolutionary because there's nothing that ambitious in them. Rather they're content being a light Dinosaur Jr., making pleasant, noisy indie rock with tambourines and static that's more an aural treat than a mental stimulant.
	Yuck is a satisfyingly catchy re-enactment of what would happen if J.Mascis, Kim Gordon and James Iha had formed an early Pavement tribute band.
	While the influences haven't fully melted, the hooks are particularly strong, abetted by a decorator's touch for texture and tone. [Mar 2011, p.99]
	While rallying for a new cycle of nostalgia, Yuck's debut ends with beautifully rendered confirmation that they mean to do more than simply appease the Alterna-boomers:  They're asking for attention, so lend them an ear.
	None of these songs is an inferior version of other songs on the album; each dangles from its own distinct nostalgic thread.
	Listening to Yuck is kind of like having a conversation with someone who agrees with everything you say. Pleasant at first, it eventually and quickly feels useless.
	For anyone who lived through grunge, this is mere nostalgia. Anyone who didn't is advised to go straight to the source.
	Tracks like "Georgia" and "Holing Out" tear by with sandpaper efficiency and no little impact. Yet they have more than one idea. [Mar 2011, p.107]
	Played out in full, the record resembles a depressing rummage through early-Nineties record racks--listenable, yes, but without the nerve to tickle more ear-pleasing teats
	I hated this kind of Lemonheads-lite, floral-dressed, clompety-booted, neurotic ninny inanity the first time round, I have absolutely no idea how anyone could be arsed to expend the (admittedly small) effort it takes to produce such a pointless photocopy ... [but] not even I can find it in my bitter heart to hate the Nickelodeon-Dinosaur Jr bounce of "Georgia" or the honey-toned amble of "Suicide Policeman".
	