All in all, An Imaginary Country is probably Tim Hecker's most accessible album. In a way, the record bridges together the elements heard on previous albums, only without regurgitating old ideas.
	Tim Hecker's elegantly inventive way around sound art moved into a full decade of released work with An Imaginary Country, one of his most serene and, from its striking start "100 Years Ago" forward, uplifting albums.
	Nowhere is this idea of acceptance clearer than on An Imaginary Country. In a sense the album evokes nothing so much as Hecker himself, diligently and intuitively molding his sounds through synthesizer, guitar and laptop, and as a result may be the most symbiotic album of the year.
	An Imaginary Country suffers nothing for these decisions [to ease back on the heavier, noisier aspects of his work] and in fact nearly stands as a perfect counterpoint to the acidic blasts of white noise on "Harmony in Ultraviolet."
	It’s verily comfortable existing the background, but instead of becoming wallpaper, the music fills the container of the room it’s played in and settles beautifully into the atmosphere.
	Most impressive, though, is that Hecker has built for us this make-believe area to inhabit, to explore with him. While there's a bit less room in this space than those he's constructed before, it's still very much an achievement, and one to be celebrated.
	Hecker's sonics are huge and unrepentant, but they tease the ear; individual sounds are highlighted by their sustained revision.
	An Imaginary Country is a solid record, but in the context of Hecker’s discography, it can also be underwhelming at times.
	Tim Hecker’s beautiful meditations are inviting but still retain the edge of a seeker that isn’t quite finished with the trip.
	Fair or not, An Imaginary Country can best be described as middling: competent, but certainly not what we all were hoping for from an artist whose work up to this point has been so unequivocally stirring.
	If you've got patience it's a quiet joy; if not, it'll drive you nuts.
	