Assuming they haven’t all grown up by now, Manson fans will adore every dark, juvenile flourish. For the rest of us, The High End Of Low serves as a cautionary tale of artistic regression.
	While it's still easy to dismiss his shock tactics as puerile and insensitive (if you're gonna sing about someone "pretty as a swastika," they'd better be really ugly), he hasn't sounded this vital--and tuneful--since "Mechanical Animals."
	'High End' makes a deeper impression as a result of Manson’s reunion with longtime guitarist-bassist Twiggy Ramirez; together with producers Sean Beavan and Chris Vrenna, they sculpted a sound both harder-hitting and more finely detailed than on any previous Marilyn Manson record.
	While most of the album is a fine return to form, there are a few sour spots that are worthy of an eye-roll or two.
	Manson the man at least seems re-energised here....The same cannot always be said for his band; their limp glam metal consistently threatens to undermine the performance. [Jul 2009, p.127]
	This album marks the return of former bassist Twiggy Ramirez to the band, but as ever the Manson personality/persona towers over everything else, and his two or three musical ideas are repeated throughout the disc, with only a few exceptions.
	Musically, the new tunes mostly evoke warmed-over Nine Inch Nails crossed with mediocre '70s metal, and occasionally, the results can be fairly satisfying.
	The best moments come in the ballads like the blues-tinged 'Four Rusted Horses.' In such songs Manson is almost endearing, just a big melancholy dude with face paint. It's a less glamourous job title than Anticrist Superstar, but these days it suits him better.
	Perhaps the only interesting thing about Manson's latest record is the couple of anomalies hidden within.
	While this isn't a bad album--and Manson diehards are likely to enjoy it quite a bit--there's the sense that it may be an unwanted one.
	The Marilyn Manson blueprint holds fast, and all the familiar elements are here. The difference is that even Manson sounds unconvinced by his "antichrist superstar" persona; maybe because his target demographic have grown up and moved on.
	