As a writer she's never been stronger.
	"Goodbye Alice in Wonderland" returns Jewel to her folk/pop roots, serving up her usual host of poetic metaphors for lessons learned and observations on humanity.
	Somewhere beneath the Lilith earnestness glints something sharper. [28 Apr 2006, p.135]
	What's changed is that maturity has granted Jewel, now in her early 30s, greater perspective.
	A surprisingly substantial return.
	Lovely.
	Unfortunately, Jewel... chooses to revert to the soppy musical formula of her 1995 debut, Pieces of You.
	Fortunately, the sturdy rock instrumentation of Green Day producer Rob Cavallo serves to tamp down her pervasive air of self-importance while minimising the cringe factor in her lyrics. [Jul 2006, p.98]
	While these acoustic poems are often twee and contrived, the woman remains ultimately unpretentious. [Jul 2006, p.114]
	Although Goodbye winds down after the brilliant power pop of "Only One Too", Jewel never appears to be going through the motions. [Jun/Jul 2006, p.131]
	We find Jewel going through the motions rather than providing us with a noteworthy movement and in the end these songs here are less artistic pronouncements and more the conclusion of a specific product line.
	A handful of songs... work up some palatable L.A. pop, but those moments are surrounded by singer-songwriter cliches and painfully precious asides. [4 May 2006, p.59]
	While Goodbye Alice In Wonderland is a return to form for Jewel, said form is bland, mostly colorless, and devoid of any truly memorable cuts that elevate the album to a disc worth spinning more than once.
	The new songs are excessively polished and precisely drawn, and relentlessly deliver an uplifting message. [Jun 2006, p.145]
	Her insights plumb poetic shallows. [Jun 2006, p.81]
	The sort of glossy folk-pop that makes you want to usher Alice down the rabbit hole, and roll out the cement mixer. [10 Jun 2006, p.41]
	Many are banal love songs, devoide of narrative impact, or even identity. [Aug 2006, p.90]
	A lilting acoustic-y record with ethereal leanings, plenty of canned, overproduced studio gloss and occasional dangerous forays into mild rock.
	