His third studio CD, We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things., includes pleasantly lightweight jams with beachy guitars (''Live High''), R&B horns (''Make It Mine''), even playful scat singing (''I'm Yours'').
	The 30-year-old San Diegan makes another foray into sonic cross-pollination with heavy doses of polish and free-flowing energy on his third full-length studio album.
	Jason Mraz emerges even bolder than before on an album loaded with strings, horns, formidable grooves and a dozen songs dripping with mantra-like positivity.
	The nice thing about the soulful shimmer of We Sing is that it's so slick that it's easy to ignore the gibberish spilling out of Mraz's mouth and just enjoy the sunny, easy sound.
	The album sounds great, and Mraz knows what he is up to. Less clear, I think, is whether the razzle-dazzle wordsmith who loves his Eminem records is ready to truly enter the marketplace as a serious vocalist and a sober songwriter. We Sing, We Dance, We Steal Things is clearly making a bid in that direction.
	Mraz shines brightest on a pair of '70s-style piano-pop songs. 'Love for a Child' would be solid midtempo Elton John, complete with lyrics (viewing a failing relationship from the child's perspective) just oddball enough for Bernie Taupin.
	The album is harmless fun, and the funky, groovy, hook-dominated tracks are impossible to hate.
	Pondering his parents divorce or describing intricate and delicate sex acts, Mraz's tasty tenor remains a modestly classy pleasure. But he's lost crucial cool. [June 2008, p.75]
	Listening to this is like being followed home by a puppy--initially cute and guilelessly affecting, but rapidly irritating. [July 2008, p.104]
	Would be blockbuster from the Jack Johnson it’s really not okay to like.
	For a moment one can hear Mraz's real soul, rather than a factory-assembled version. Sadly, it's too little and too late to save this queasy record.
	They all bed down with perfunctory efficiency as the voaclly gifted, lyrically vague Mraz holds court with a nylon-string guitar. [Feb 2009, p.112]
	