A fine melodicist, Matsson quiets his fiery side on the Sometimes The Blues Is Just A Passing Bird EP, but even when he's going the delicately pretty route, his songs aspire to greater heights.
	There is distinct pastoral element at work in the Tallest Man on Earth's songs. He invokes the elements and the myriad forces nature: rivers, islands, rocks, clouds, birds, meadows, rainstorms, hail, forests, weeds, lilies and wheat.
	With Sometimes the Blues Is Just a Passing Bird EP, he does more than just add to his collection of tunes--he reaffirms his commitment to expressing the human spirit. And as identifiers with that spirit, we lean forward, eager to hear more.
	In many ways, his music is more punk than punk music is nowadays-stripped down completely to only the most basic and bare of instruments, the tiny Kristian Matsson manages to live up to his name as The Tallest Man on Earth.
	Written and recorded on the road during a long North American tour supporting his recent full-length, The Wild Hunt, the five tracks maintain a consistently downtrodden tone.
	Sometimes the Blues Is Just a Passing Bird is still the sound of a man who's totally comfortable in his own skin. You're also likely to find great comfort across these five tracks.
	Of these five tracks, only closer "Thrown Right At Me" is underwhelming, plain where it compatriots are--much like the great plains themselves--full of hidden idiosyncrasies despite outwardly appearing flat and one-dimensional.
	Blues is as thoughtfully and carefully constructed as either of Matsson's albums, revealing the nuances of his sound and subtly putting the lie to the notion that he needs anything besides his weathered voice and beat-up guitar.
	Matsson's vocal might be an acquired taste, but together with minimal accompaniment, it's often captivating. [Year End 2010, p.74]
	The Tallest Man on Earth, keeps it sparse with a summertime EP of fingerpicked acoustic guitar and vocals, written on the road just after the release of The Wild Hunt.
	Sometimes The Blues is Just a Passing Bird is a quieter set of songs, and an EP that continues to reveal both the talent and ambition of one of the most exciting folk artists of recent years.
	