Takk does what Agaetis Byrjun did by burrowing into the consciousness and snuggling down to bed there, purring. Each listen brings out another mood, another thought. It's gorgeous.
	I always felt as if those moments of triumph in the band’s music were the focal points, the “good stuff” you waited for and wanted to arrive and then stay forever. This time around though, they appear to have taken a backseat to the band’s darker impulses, and staggeringly, Takk sounds all the better for it.
	People will be Takk-ing about this truly amazing album for years to come.
	There is no more transportive band working in music. [Oct 2005, p.140]
	The results are compact, near-pop micro-anthems. [#17, p.93]
	At times Takk almost rocks--as much as tiny ice-crystal elves from the magical land of Narnia can rock, but still. [16 Sep 2005, p.88]
	So, while it's easy to imagine most of the songs on Takk... sitting comfortably on previous albums, the ebb and flow would be damagingly disrupted if any of the 11 tracks were moved around, omitted, or added to.
	It will, absolutely and deservedly, reside among the best of the year, but, when given space, can ruminate indefinitely in one’s consciousness and soul.
	Takk... [is] a thing of... supple, muscular beauty, throwing off the stultifying air of reverence that has sometimes surrounded them. [Oct 2005, p.116]
	Their expanded sound, with its explosions of noise and romantic swells, deserves reconsideration by fans and skeptics alike.
	Sigur Rós piece together breathtaking orchestrations that sound like they're singing to you from another world, telling you why your world is not so bad, that even in all the miserable monotony, something beautiful perseveres.
	Takes a baby step toward the mainstream. [#69, p.108]
	Well-constructed, thoughtful, emotionally provocative and cathartic.
	Takk... is still very much a Sigur Rós album, due in large part to the ever-present, otherworldly vocals, but also because the only real changes are the activeness of some arrangments.
	While there are no surprises in its technique or approach, Sigur Rós has succeeded in making a startlingly beautiful record. [17 Sep 2005]
	If you imagine the noise God makes just before he eats a slice of cheese on toast, then comparably, that’s how satisfyingly yearning the 65 minutes of 'Takk…' sounds.
	Sigur Ros's sudden accessibility doesn't tarnish their mystique, but deepens and colours it.
	On past albums, Sigur Ros has forged songs into hermetic sanctuaries, but on "Takk..." it expands its music toward both the abstract and the corporeal. [13 Sep 2005]
	Sigur Rós are still significant, but Takk sounds safe.
	It is surely intoxicating.
	As music that's beautiful simply for the sake of being beautiful, Takk… is an unqualified success.
	Although the album isn't groundbreaking, it does contain several new wrinkles in sound for the group, and most of them work quite well.
	On [Takk...], the band opens up emotionally, warming up their lengthy jams to a slow burn to create intoxicating, meditative rock. [Oct 2005, p.143]
	Uninhibited where "()" felt constipated. [Oct 2005, p.99]
	Sigur Ros' alien beauty prescribes its own definition. [Oct 2005, p.112]
	A wonderfully unified and realized effort, showcasing a band that has never sounded more sure of themselves. [#11, p.112]
	Takk is sharper and more direct than anything the band has previously churned out, but that is not to say it’s by any means accessible by normal standards.
	Eventually the payoff makes all the setup completely worth it. [Dec 2005, p.99]
	The tendency to descend into new age goo is still present, and Takk, like all of Sigur Rós' discography, is not for the viscerally-minded. Regardless, the record is more than just meaningless wisps.
	Shifts into a cruise-control comfort zone, blissfully coasting on what has come before.
	Certainly, it feels as though Takk emerges from a group who, despite arriving at the zenith of their capability, has, at least for the time being, run out of things to say.
	Takk . . . suggests a far more abstract Coldplay stripped of their stadium bombast.
	Takk... resembles the movie The Aristocrats: a narrow selection of material given killer performances.
	Too little progress and too much mood. [4 Sep 2005]
	Takk... is in no way a departure for the band, and it's easy to forget that though the music is very different from most of what's out there, we've heard it from Sigur Rós before.
	The cohesion that made their previous records so captivating has been significantly diminished. [Dec 2005, p.204]
	It is undeniable that they can produce beautiful sounds with their equipment, it's just that they do not seem to be able to orchestrate it to any purpose afterwards.
	perfection
	A beautifully moving album, it soundscape music with heart and emotion. Like () was after Agaetis byrjun another change in direction although A beautifully moving album, it soundscape music with heart and emotion. Like () was after Agaetis byrjun another change in direction although still Sigur Ros this albums song certainly have more structure than () but that is no bad thing. Everytime i listen too the CD i have a new favourite and its more upbeat nature makes an excellent listen in the car. Sublime,peacefull, melancholic, crashing, noise, uplifting, enchanting, all words that can sum up this album and there are so many other!!! Album of the year an i doubt anything will beat it.… Full Review »
	As beautiful as Agaetis Byriun
	