Not Your Kind of People is a wonderful album full of something Garbage have never really possessed before: humanity. [May 2012, p.53]
	When they ease off the accelerator and the singer shifts from off-pat angst to revealing vulnerability, they can still produce spiky, stylish pop.
	Garbage were always futuristic, but this album proves they're still ahead of the curve. {Jun 2012, p.81]
	"Man on a Wire" is electric, and Not Your Kind of People's title track deftly threads blues licks through a '60s psychedelic needle. But too often the tomorrow-is-now thrills are missing here.
	All of the pop-coated rock that was immediately catchy, aggressive, melodic, seductive, melancholic, and driven from those two albums [Garbage and Version 2.0] can be found here – from the ramped up, unrelenting beats to the bright electronics and propulsive guitar lines, to Shirley's changeable, ever-engaging vocals.
	The first new Garbage album in seven years is like a film sequel where familiar characters haven't changed much – especially Manson,who still cherishes the wary alertness of adolescence.
	What once was futuristic now sounds nostalgic -- or to borrow a title from another member from the class of 1995, "Brand New You're Retro" -- and that's the appeal of Not Your Kind of People, for better or worse.
	Nostalgia works in Garbage's favor, as much of the album brings listeners back to the eponymous debut that set the band on track to sell 17 million records worldwide.
	When all of it works in perfect synch, the record hits a sweet spot that is both nostalgic and completely contemporary, illuminating how forward-looking the cross-continental collaborators were at their peak.
	While some of the studio tricks are a little too familiar, the band is clearly re-invigorated and, unlike like the last fractured Garbage offering, the result is a cohesive collection of sharp, aggressive songs.
	Though not without highlights, Not Your Kind of People contains nothing as memorable as their big hits, and it's heavier on the filler than their earlier albums.
	Most of the rest holds up as credible but hardly ground-breaking pop-rock, an album that proves Garbage still exists even if it hasn't necessarily come up with any new tricks.
	They haven't really been missed, yet it's good to have them back. [Jun 2012, p.83]
	The sulky formula which established them, however, like the seismic chords of Control or the crunching Battle In Me, proves the efficacy of this recycled Garbage. [Jun 2012, p.114]
	Not Your Kind of People adheres so doggedly to formula that it often sounds dated... There's no indication that the band has evolved much.
	It's all slick and tuneful but, bar the shoegaze-indebted Felt, feels like business as usual.
	Despite occasional lapses into overproduced mess, the surprise here is their enthusiasm.
	For an outfit that's never denied its plastic-coated glamour, Garbage exits Not Your Kind Of People remarkably well-preserved.
	For all the interesting noises that the band have come up with in the studio, the production really doesn't do them any favours, cramming them into a fairly narrow space and stripping them almost entirely of any sense of atmosphere.
	With the release of Not Your Kind of People Garbage prove they are indubitably a one-trick pony who fluked one magnificent album and a half-way decent follow-up, ensuring that they would never again reach that level of authenticity and dark sincerity.
	This comeback album suggests a hiatus spent in a cryogenic freezer. Which is to say that they sound the same ... only rather less vital.
	Aside from the aforementioned pair of tracks [Control and the title track] that hit dark pop highs akin to Garbage's best, this is just another solid disc from solid musicians, no more, no less.
	As you'd likely expect, they're still as confused as ever.
	Manson can still whip up an appealingly vengeful turn of phrase, but they retain a tendency to sound stiff. [Jun 2012, p.73]
	Everything from the stilted production to Manson's lyrics to that awful album cover seems hopelessly mired in 1998.
	Garbage still have a knack for placing sticky hooks behind walls of guitar sheen, but when they slow down on Beloved Freak and the title track ballad, the results get a bit cringy.
	Plods along with an overproduced pompousness that falls somewhere between boring and annoying.
	Too much of Not Your Kind Of People is pedestrian, anodyne and utterly unremarkable.
	