Ms. Dynamite's debut album is heady stuff, punctuated by groundbreaking beats, seductive vocals and melodies that lodge themselves firmly into your cranium.
	A Little Deeper is one of the truly defining albums of its genre, an album that future artists will look to for inspiration as well as be measured up against. An effortlessly stunning masterpiece.
	A surprisingly mature debut record. [#3, p.87]
	For her to pull off something as ambitious, gritty and accomplished as this at age 21 is flat-out amazing. [#15, p.127]
	It's the album many heads wished Lauryn Hill had come back with instead of that weepy acoustic exercise. [Mar 2003, p.94]
	It's Dynamite's choice of subject matter that distinguishes her from other R&B divas-in-waiting. [May 2003, p.110]
	Like Craig David, Ms. Dynamite seems happy to pad ''A Little Deeper'' with a few examples of suave, heartsick R&B.
	It’s phat, it’s hooky and it’s got tune after tune after tune of stylish, contemporary urban ragga-soul for 60+ minutes, all wrapped round with a voice like socially-aware and really angry honey.
	The album's a bit more edgy than any of her American contemporaries, but it's still not too far from [Lauryn] Hill and other neo-soul figures.
	Though Dynamite sometimes comes across as a moralistic scold, her slinky delivery and understated sexuality undercut the self-righteousness that sometimes infects Deeper.
	'A Little Deeper' is a lyrical bombshell and its only downfall is that the production has a tendency to sound flat and mundane by comparison.
	What gives A Little Deeper its heft, though, is Dynamite’s voice: She can hold a word so long it almost floats in the air, and she purposefully embellishes her girlish, almost kewpie-doll-like whine to deliver her most stinging rebukes.
	It all adds up to a noble, well-produced and strongly-realized debut for a woman who obviously has more on her mind than becoming a pop star and cruising her neighborhood in a Bentley.
	It's a lot less dangerous than we've been led to expect.
	Occasionally, things are dumbed down by the naive politics you’d expect from any teenager.
	On A Little Deeper, Dynamite pretty much owns the thin line between love and hate.
	It's hard to think of a UK R&B album that sounds as formidably ready for the world as A Little Deeper. [Jul 2002, p.114]
	It takes a while to work out what an absolute waste of 21-year-old Londoner Naomi McLean-Daley's incredible talents this album is.
	When she goes ragga on the way out I wish she hadn't been groomed for something bigger and blander. But she made her choice.
	