Psychic Chasms is an excellent album of balmy psychedelia and breezy infectiousness.
	Overall, Psychic Chasms is something like a dream collaboration between the Tough Alliance and Atlas Sound, the latter of whose Internet-only Weekend EP shares a delinquent theme with one of Psychic Chasms' best songs.
	Sure, he takes his cues from old sources, but the result -- dreamwave, or chillwave, or whatever--is so unique and lush that Palomo should be content to ride off of the high you imagine he might get from making something so effective.
	[Palomo's] instincts fill Psychic Chasms with the kind of intangible pleasures that make for a dynamic, lyrical-sounding record and a wholly enjoyable listen in spite of any cynicism towards the fad it encapsulates.
	The "neon" in the name is both a hint and a misnomer: This Austin, Texas duo's debut emanates bright colors even while the glow is muted by lo-fi haze.
	Alan Palomo's beautiful debut full-length as Neon Indian is a dirty backpack full of distorted synths, hissy cassette tape production, and 8-bit highlights that come together to make an incredibly successful album of druggy, nostalgic, emotionally complex electropop. [Holiday 2009, p.79]
	While it lacks the freshness that saw it named one of Pitchfork's best albums of last year, there's no doubting that Palomo's best efforts retain their charm a year since they were first heard.
	Throughout the record the ooo-oooh swoopiness is enchanting and the constant SNES-soundtrack bubblings take you back to a simpler, more tranquil and ultimately a place filled with hope.
	Never ominous and always bright, Psychic Chasms is fantastic brain candy in the vein of electronica or millennial psychedelia.
	It's like a broken radio stuck between frequencies, at once disorienting, woozy and supremely psychedelic. [Nov 2010, p.112]
	Whatever its origins, Psychic Chasms extols no actual reasons for being those ways, instead touching on now-expected tropes and empty gestures to fund a handful of ready-made critical anecdotes and popular opinions.
	