Each listen to New Amerykah brings fresh rewards: it demands to be explored.
	'Honey's' squiggly bass line and cute but inane sentiments (''Honey, you so sweet/Sugar got a long way to catch you'') are perhaps the safest, least interesting efforts on the album. Thankfully, Badu spent 10 other tracks showing us exactly what she can do.
	Badu's spare, pointillist lyrics are almost constantly folded deep within dense, heavy arrangements
	Immediately moving and yet rather bewildering, New Amerykah, Pt. 1 is an album that sounds special from the first play, yet it will probably take years before it is known just how special it is.
	New Amerykah reveals its considerable depths and strengths, and invites the listener to invest the time needed to explore them.
	New Amerykah Part One: 4th World War is an insane, obscure and exciting record of the kind that very few artists have the guts or imagination to make anymore.
	While the LP is smart and funky as hell, it distinguishes itself because it's part of a series.
	In short, it is one of the best albums of the year, and could be one of the best albums of the decade.
	What is most impressive about New Amerykah is that Erykah simply breathes life into these tracks.
	Badu's brave New Amerykah is a liberated land, a wild embrace of experimentation, and a gleeful if occasionally paranoid freak-fest.
	The result is a collection of demanding, disquieting and beautiful urban hymns that reveal their rewards on repeated listenings.
	Nearly 1700 words and I still feel like this record's left me speechless. That's an epiphany to cherish.
	Curtis Mayfield would be proud of both lyrics and her throwback sound.
	While Britain and the US are succumbing to a very retro take on the US's R&B heritage, the original queen of neo-soul has taken a giant leap forward.
	She's far bolder, singing in a strange, little girl's voice over a solitary Chet Baker-style trumpet or chanting mantra-like over a bubbling African rhythm. [May 2008, p.87]
	The closing 'Honey' leaves all the issues behind and drips with the kind of sultry retro-funk that proves New Amerykah to have been well worth any amount of waiting. [May 2008, p.70]
	NuAmerykah is her boldest and best yet, brilliantly eccentric but repaying every indulgence. [May 2008, p.106]
	Badu has rejected the role of soul princess and chosen instead to embrace a raw, unhinged spirituality that separates her from the pack.
	Big tracks aside, it's an awfully static record, which gives it the kind of high-art "difficulty" that we critics have been known to like.
	It's a challenging, even frustrating listen, but Amerykah stakes out Badu's place between vinyl crackle and tape hiss among things to be fond of, no matter how outmoded they become.
	It stands to reason that there should be another album's worth of this material, which flickers back and forth between different kinds of sessions and ideas, some quite elegant, some deeply boring, none of it very well edited.
	New Amerykah seems adherent to the old "cohesive studio album" mold of the soul/neo-soul eras.
	From the wild, ominous hard-bop of 'The Cell' to space-age chaos of 'Twinkle' to shimmying, shimmering 'Me,' there's never a dull moment--but more than a few bewildering ones.
	Some of the music is gripping--the modal-sounding chorus and blippy groove of 'My People' suggests an R&B version of Radiohead--but other tunes feel like absent-minded doodles, and Badu's social consciousness nets middling returns.
	Working with a forward-looking crew of producers, musicians and writers, including Madlib, the Roots, Sa-Ra Creative Partners and Karriem Riggins, was a wise move; they do a decent job on the funky New Amerykah, a throwback to the black power sound and consciousness-raising themes of the 70s.
	The Dallas-born singer is still making music that's deep and unorthodox. [May 2008, p.141]
	Veteran hip hop soul princess Erykah Badu's newest creative contribution is ambitious, but lacks the smoothness and cohesive feel of her previous work.
	