This album is not only the band’s most solid and consummate release to date, not merely one of the most veritable albums 2007 has delivered to us--but also, truly, one of the top albums in the past five years of indie rock history.
	Whereas the band's 2004 long-player was a studied exercise in melancholic understatement, melded to some mightily addictive pop hooks, this ten-tracker is an immediately gratifying affair that pulls not a single punch in the catchiness stakes.
	There’s usually more than meets the ear about their aural illusions, and they’ve gotten more overt about sticking in some genuine pop missives into their lattices of clean guitars and metronomic drums.
	Autumn represents Pinback's strongest album to date. [Oct 2007, p.162]
	It is a snapshot of Pinback at its most practiced and self-aware: fluid, calculated, penetrating, yet always at the fringe of its former incarnation.
	Autumn of the Seraphs is some of their punchiest work, packed with euphoric melodies, wry lyricism and subtly enhanced grooves. [Oct 2007, p.99]
	A tremendously melodic and catchy sensibility. [Summer 2007, p.76]
	The rest of Autumn Of The Seraphs sounds a bit more meticulous, though it's self-assured in its footing.
	For the first time, they’ve refined that obsession into something listeners can sink their teeth into.
	If there's a gripe to be had with them, it's that a surface listen reveals a whole lot of lovely tones and not much else, and Autumn of the Seraphs is just as uniformly gorgeous and tasteful as any Pinback record.
	The band has crafted yet another delicate indie-pop bauble. Finely spun as it is, there's a hint of sinew.
	Pinback don't disappoint with their fourth record, Autumn of the Seraphs.
	Yet good songs alone do not a spectacular album make.  Autumn of the Seraphs shows no major songwriting leaps at all, but it’s still a fine indie-rock LP.
	One can’t declare Autumn of the Seraphs, Pinback’s fourth full-length, any better than their first, second, or third album.
	Opener 'From Nothing to Nowhere' also makes the case that Pinback's ready for some new fans: It's fast and furious, nicely setting a tempo that suggests they're not fucking around while conveying a (much-needed) immediacy through Rob Crow's voice.
	Several songs near the end go on too long, content to just keep repeating riffs over and over. Still, when Autumn is on point, it offers some of Pinback's best tunes yet.
	Autumn Of The Seraphs is more of the same I have come to expect from Pinback--lovely harmonies and catchy hooks, all with an underlying emotional depth.
	Too many perfectly good songs that never quite approach greatness. [Oct 2007, p.108]
	The album is frontloaded with its best numbers, and they seem to descend in quality as the album progresses.
	