The Beasties' irreverence is what made them stand out in the first place; that their willful chaos continues to charm and mutate so many years on is the big surprise.
	With a push from Nas and a whoosh from Santigold and new life from their chorusing kids, the beats spritz and submarine in signature Beasties style as the rhymes claim contexts high-living and low-life.
	This is the music Beastie Boys love whether it's trendy or not. Three decades in, they continue to school the kids.
	Hot Sauce is a lot like Daniel Craig's übercool James Bond - another stripped-down return to a franchise's best virtues after a decade or so of wandering the desert. It took a little time, but the Boys are back with a license to ill.
	To anyone who's felt like they've been along to share even a little bit of that journey, it's an album-of-the-year contender that's bound to do nothing but delight.
	All this hurly-burly camouflages the essential truth of The Hot Sauce Committee: that the Beasties could sit on an album for two years to no ill effect to their reputation or the record's quality.
	A welcome addition to the Beastie canon, and if it gets them back out on the road, it'll be an absolutely precious one.
	Good stuff, Beastie Boys. Shall we check back in three to five years, then?
	Thirty-some years in, the Beasties are as sharp, hilarious, funky, and escapist as they've ever been.
	With its techno-shock, hardcore buzz and jive-stepping live funk, Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is the strongest work the Beasties have put out in over a decade and comes close to replicating the dizzy highs of 1994's Ill Communication.
	While this album definitely has its FFWD moments, the Beasties' lighthearted approach still manages to hand the smack down to crab rappers and school the bratty new kids on the block in one fell swoop.
	Their days of wild experimentation seem to be over, but on Hot Sauce Committee  (and the fine tracks they left off, some of which have been made available online), they demonstrate that there are plenty of nooks and crannies to explore within that style.
	Mixed by Philippe Zdar of Cassius fame, the whole record feels bright, poppy and fresh. [Jun 2011, p.105]
	They've recaptured the brash cheek of their best work on Hot Sauce Committee Part Two, which the trio has elected to release before the "delayed indefinitely" Part One.
	Hot Sauce is a B-Boy bouillabaisse that manages to be both familiar yet adventurous, varied yet seemless. [7 May 2011, p.51]
	Like Ill Communication, it's a superbly paced album, its felicitous stylistic juxtapositions the product of judicious cut-and-paste. [Jun 2011, p.89]
	It's that classic Beastie Boys sound, and a reminder why they've set the gold standard for posse rap.
	The Boys' trademark nerdy raps are as inimitable as ever.
	Truth is, to cook up such joyful nonsense probably takes a helluva lot of effort, but it's the Beasties' gift to make this seem easier than falling off a mountain bike, and an infinite amount more fun.
	The Beasties prove they've still got what it takes to rock the house -- Hot Sauce was definitely worth the wait.
	The resulting platter is overflowing with dense slabs of aromatic unrefined funk, peppered with scattershot stupid-dope old school rhymes. [June 2011, p. 92]
	The Beasties feel permanently young again having crafted an album that is just as consistent, unhinged and enjoyable as Check Your Head.
	Rapping about how well you rap is both stubbornly old school and totally meta. It's also a form of hip-hop Darwinism, as the Beastie Boys, now in their mid-40s and still one step ahead of trash-talking competitors, demonstrate to the fullest on their eighth studio album.
	Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is probably the third best Beastie Boys album ever made. And that is not a pejorative. Boggle!
	In a decade dominated by rappers who obsess about their cars, clothes and women, it's nice to be reminded that MCA, Mike D and Ad-Rock are still out there, keeping it fun despite all the haters.
	Every ounce of Hot Sauce spectacle comes from so many ridiculous angles, it's a wonder that a single arbitrary reviewer could just throw words about it onto one page.
	We get the sound of master musicians in their comfort zone, doing everything their own way. Nobody would want to hear the Beasties try anything else.
	As the hip-hop mainstream shouts and booms its way into the 21st century, Beastie Boys are happy temporal outsiders, partying in their never-ending 1980s.
	With Hot Sauce Committee, it's advisable to always expect the unexpected.
	While that post-9/11 set had a fantastic first single ("Ch-Check It Out") and nothing else close to its level, the group's latest lacks a standout track but is a consistent hodgepodge of slimy beats and no-nonsense rhyming.
	And so here's what it all means: Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is a solid Beastie Boys record that will have something for any fan.
	The Beasties fling boasts and nonsense with verve: MCA's raspy brio, Mike D's fine whine, Ad-Rock's comical incisiveness. All heritage acts should age with this much humor.
	You may not love this album, and I'm not sure I do, but you do have to respect it.
	So while this may not be a great album or even a top-tier Beastie Boys album -- I'd place it somewhere between Hello Nasty and the inferior 5 Boroughs, neither of which can touch those first four -- anyone who cares about these guys will be glad it exists.
	Don't go looking for the hidden meaning behind Hot Sauce Committee Part Two -- the Beastie Boys are just here to fight for their right to party.
	Even on a album where they might not produce a one off moment to rank up there with the best of their long career, the Beastie Boys are still inventive enough to make a rhyme about a shawl or "coming together like peanut butter and sandwiches" engaging, and by extension. Things wouldn't be the same without them.
	Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is undoubtedly a good record. It's just that in the Beasties' case, merely being good doesn't seem, well, y'know, good enough.
	Now that they've finally given up the goods, it's easy to understand why they decided to go with what they already had because their eighth album is rooted firmly in hip-hop's old-school.
	Hot Sauce Committee finds The Beastie Boys being The Beastie Boys with nothing that isn't exactly what on would expect from The Beastie Boys. [Jul 2011, p.44]
	While HSC2 is a solid and enjoyable album, we hope that our favorite scientists will tinker with a slightly different, more exciting formula moving forward.
	Full of groove and grit, it's raw and enjoyable.
	Sadly, this is about as deep as their politics go on Hot Sauce Committee Part Two, the more articulate sentiments of To the 5 Boroughs having been largely abandoned in favour of fairly standard bring-the-noise, boast'n'diss hip-hop pablum.
	