His sometimes unkempt vocal performances can work better in the smaller doses of singles or cameos, but here, as on 2006's "The Big Bang," he sounds like he has made the album his metier. [Jul 2009, p.98]
	Busta Rhymes has finally made an album that works from beginning to end--it is just a shame that the lack of crossover hit singles will doubtless leave BOMBS a slightly unappreciated gem.
	What there is not quite enough of is Rhymes himself--the deft MC is a bit crowded out by collaborators' mic turns and auto-tuned refrains.
	A handful of similar tracks suffer from this same problem of ambition over inspiration, but for every miss, there's a hit.
	For every legitimate contender like 'Arab Money,' there’s mediocre fare such as 'Shoot for the Moon,' where he prattles over a nondescript synth bleat from Danjahandz.
	This is a solid, albeit erratic, affair and Rhymes still hasn't delivered the set everyone keeps expecting from him.
	Taken on its own merits, there are more than enough moments on Back On My BS to stop the world from forgetting his name. The pity is that, given he’s one of rap’s most distinctive voices, right now Busta seems to have no idea who he is.
	Back On My B.S. is 50 minutes of largely no-nonsense Busta, fist firmly planted in the mid-'90s. Of course, with that we get the expected ups and downs, but what Busta lacks in album length longevity, he makes up for in force.
	For every track that finds him returning with full force to the tongue-twisting ways of his youth ('Don't Believe 'Em') or addressing tabloid gossip with refreshing honesty ('If You Don't Know'), there's a blatant trend grab like the Auto-Tune-abusing 'Hustler's Anthem '09.'
	But two decades deep in the game, Busta is still beholden to a style that ping-pongs between silly and steroidal, making his stabs at honesty fall awkwardly flat.
	While Rhymes has always been more pop savvy than his peers, his eighth studio album feels compartmentalized at the expense of cohesion and clarity.
	Wayward offering from hip hop legend with distinct lack of finesse.
	Busta is content to recycle well-worn material, hoping that enough polish and guest-star participation will wick away the album's dusty content. They don't, leaving B.S. as nothing more than filler.
	Back on My B.S. disappoints regardless, making it a point of no contest that the Busta Rhymes of old is gone forever.
	B.S. includes far more filler than it needed to.
	