It's 36 minutes of loose garage rock with massively catchy melodies sugarcoating the biting sarcasm.
	As narrative and prophecy, a less coherent response to Christofascism than you might want, but one alt needs, held together and moved ahead by its forthright hooks and beats.
	The Body, The Blood, The Machine is the holy grail of anti-political/anti-religion records to come out in the last seven years.
	The simplicity of the punk-driven songwriting and the bare, urgent honesty of vocalist/guitarist Hutch Harris’ delivery drive home the album’s political points with startling effectiveness.
	The Body's story is just vague and gruesome enough to be weirdly terrifying, totally Orwellian, and grander, louder, and more electrifying than anything the Thermals have spit out before.
	It’s downright exciting for a band like the Thermals to emerge with something so simple and unflustered, so bereft of unnecessary baggage, a shining light of a record that delivers on its early promise.
	There's still something small and handmade about the Thermals' music. [Sep 2006, p.112]
	Without sacrificing aural excitement, they have polished their approach with a refined understanding of dynamics and a broadening of style.
	Awesome.
	As a whole, The Body The Blood The Machine is a bit more inconsistent than Fuckin' A, but at the same time has some of the best songs in the group's discography and some of the better arrangements [as] well.
	An immediate and combative disc that blurries up a litany of angers over surprisingly versatile layers of pop-punk guitar thrusting, The Body, The Blood, The Machine is a focused tantrum, irresolute in its actual stances, but pissed and rambunctious enough to overcome its vagaries.
	They've slowed down the tempo a little and cleaned up the sound a lot.
	With The Body, The Blood, The Machine the Thermals haven't made another thrilling noisy gem like More Parts Per Million, they've made an inspired and inspiring, semi-grown up indie rock record with more thought than thrills.
	The Body, the Blood, the Machine reveals a band that's a bit older, a step slower, and startlingly sardonic.
	The only drawback is Hutch Harris' vocals.
	A little too homogenous to warrant many a repeat listen.
	The urgency and bile are palpable. [Oct 2006, p.84]
	