Best Little Secrets Are Kept pays homage to the fairer gender with punchy glam-rock guitars, winking double entendres and Hill's swaggering Rocky Horror Picture Show-style vocals.
	The Best Little Secrets Are Kept is loaded with a raft of inspired songs that burst out of your speakers like they were on fire, mixing the sparkle of the best glam rock, the low-down crunch of the best of classic rock bands like the Stones, and the direct lyrical approach of poets like David Lee Roth or... Bon Scott.
	A horny fusion of glam-rock boogie, Urge Overkill's egotism and libidinous top-shelf naughtiness, all delivered with the molten fury of The Black Keys. [Nov 2005, p.111]
	Pairs the thrilling hedonism of early-Seventies T. Rex and David Bowie with cartoonishly sexed-up vocals that make winking fun of glitter rock's excesses.
	It's hard to shake the empty feeling at the end of each these songs; The Best Little Secrets Are Kept has an inescapable, intentional tawdriness.
	While Louis XIV references the '70s, theirs is no Jet; this band's style is more of piss-take than any cut-and-paste plagiarism. [#9]
	Listening to frontmen Jason Hill and Brian Kareig chop-up every '60s and '70s rock 'n' roll cliché, remorselessly blending Iggy, Mick, Bowie, Marc Bolan and Johnny Rotten into a light, frothy frappé of sex, violence and coked-up come-ons is, at the very least, consistently amusing -- and even better, surprisingly tasty.
	The most achingly trendy record you'll hear this year. [1 Oct 2005, p.45]
	The Best Little Secrets Are Kept is a blast, from the past and otherwise.
	They exult in a catchy send-up of swaggering retro-rock sleaze. [May 2005, p.121]
	Nicely mimics the timbre of Tony Visconti-ville circa '71-'74.
	Alas, when their feisty glam racket starts to repeat itself towards the end, the joke wears a little thin. [Nov 2005, p.112]
	About as sexy as a late-night Nerve.com instant-message session. [22 Apr 2005, p.62]
	If anything, we should reward them for reminding us that glam rock is dead, and so be it.
	The album’s stagnant celebrity worship stifles their ironic, so-dumb-its-addictive intentions.
	Some of the tracks may be fun, but The Best Little Secrets Are Kept is little more than mindlessness parading as innovation.
	Pathetic. [Jul 2005, p.182]
	Tasteless Rolling Stones apers rip off an entire decade of rock music.
	