While it's no surprise that Destiny Fulfilled showcases advanced production values, the songwriting and vocal abilities are just as impressive. [Jan 2005, p.81]
	The lyrics veer towards simplistic, but Destiny pull it off, mainly through muscular production and stunning vocal interplay. [Jan 2005, p.97]
	The singers balance resilience with vulnerability, worldly desires with divine aspirations, but the material is simply overblown, puffed up with soap-bubble ideas and endless repetition. [14 Nov 2004]
	It's fun enough, until the interminable breakup theme that drags down the second half. [Dec 2004, p.136]
	There are simply too many stodgy slowies. [13 Nov 2004, p.57]
	Often moves at a molasses-like pace, weighted down with a preponderance of exquisitely executed but ultimately dull ballads. [26 Nov 2004, p.117]
	Unlike many R&B artists, Destiny's Child are actively bad at singing ballads, which mostly turn out mawkish, aimless and dull.
	A surprisingly perfunctory disc that never quite justifies its existence. [22 Nov 2004]
	The thing is, charisma and human warmth – or at least a plausible facsimile of them – are vital to the success of a ballad. And the bald fact is that Beyoncé and her handmaidens are utterly incapable of faking sentimentality.
	The album winds up sounding too reserved and heavy-handed, which makes it a disappointment not only compared to what the group has done before, but also to what the girls have achieved outside the group.
	The first word that comes to mind while listening to Destiny Fulfilled is: boring!
	Despite a handful of strong cuts, Destiny Fulfilled sounds like the kind of album you make when you're saving your best material for your next solo album.
	Destiny Fulfilled sounds distant and detached, and its pronounced ballad-fancy only occasionally raises a flag for the group dynamic it serves to restore.
	Once you get past the first two songs - the fantastic, legs-in-the-air Lose My Breath and the juddering Soldier, featuring rapper Li'l Wayne - you're stranded on a huge landmass of ballads.
	It's disappointing to find a glut of songs seemingly calibrated to appease the demographics. [Jan 2005, p.126]
	Feels for the most part like a vanity side project from Beyonce's solo career. [Jan 2005, p.115]
	Destiny Fulfilled starts off pitifully and only gets worse.
	