Boasting the best album-length production of the year, will.i.am's Songs About Girls is a tour de force of next-generation contemporary R&B.
	Thanks to its humorous lyrics and relaxing beats, Songs About Girls is a diverse album that's perfect for that last beach day.
	Songs About Girls is an album that theoretically has no end and doesn't need to have one.
	Songs About Girls is, for sure, a big, noisy record. But in addition to the kind of hugeness, it's sometimes hard to get your head around.
	Songs About Girls isn't a hip-hop record, but a pop&B album of mellow head-nodders that veer between chilled-out soul and lite-electro funk.
	The only thing wrong with this largely excellent album is knowing that will.i.am has better stuff up his sleeve.
	Mostly, this rubbery, hit-laden set follows the blueprint of his recent production work and the BEP's music. He has become a supreme craftsman of pop-funk fluff with little on its mind beyond keeping the party going.
	Songs About Girls offers the Will that some will love to love as well as the Will everyone loves to hate.
	will.i.am's lyrics are almost appallingly bad enough to retract my impending endorsement of the album.
	There’s something melodious and calm about Will.i.am’s third solo hip-hop/R&B album--but there’s also something boring about its euphonic electro-funk dolor.
	Beneath the heavy petting, he displays a pleasant touch for soft '70s soul.
	In this post-Sir Mix-A-Lot age, even the most proper among us love a fun, edgy booty song. But will.i.am neuters that guilty pleasure with stiff drum programming, robotic guitar bursts, and vaporous synth melodies.
	What we get is a self-indulgent and silly album that never makes any lasting impression.
	It's too empty, too boring, too lifeless, too lazy.
	With a thin vocal range and punchy delivery, will sings and raps his way through half-baked funk vamps like 'She's A Star,' failing to effectively update the sizzling 'Thriller'-isms to which he's clearly in thrall. [Nov 2007, p.94]
	Will.i.am has to be one of the worst rappers of all time, a fact his solo album doesn't just confirm, but stamps in red.
	