First Aid Kit sing harmonies so close you couldn't run a Band Aid between them.
	The Lion's Roar lacks gravitas, but that will come with time and heartbreak. The soul, candor, and the way they sing "darling," that's the hard stuff, and it's scarcely sounded more gorgeous.
	The Lion's Roar is a gorgeous record and a spectacular follow-up to their 2010 debut.
	They save overt prettiness for the music.
	The resulting collection of campfire singalongs proving nothing short of magical.
	The lyrics' heavy-hearted take on relationships is more evidence of an astonishing maturity at play. [Feb 2012, p.97]
	First Aid Kit's lustrous new album revels in its passion.
	Who'd have thought the best Americana record of the year would come from two Swedish siblings?
	Some of the best parts of The Lion's Roar are when the Söderbergs harmonize together.
	Klara and Johanna Soderberg have crafted a remarkably mature work. [Feb 2012, p.84]
	A beautiful album that proves that sometimes more is more.
	Blessed with clear, characterful voices, employed in beautifully modulated, bell-like harmonies, the Söderbergs find beauty in the bleakness of mortality and the cyclical nature of things.
	The Lion's Roar works because, like their country inspirations, there's a steely toughness to the despair, and their extraordinary harmonies make even the glummest sentiments soar.
	Announces First Aid Kit as a fully-fledged musical experience. [#39, p.69]
	The sisters harmonise like sisters should, the tunes soar as both country and Bright Eyes should and First Aid Kit is contending like contenders should. [Feb 2012, p. 104]
	The full band which appears on The Lion's Roar enjoys the rare achievement of being saccharine-free, and serves to highlight the sisters' brilliant captured-on-tape chemistry.
	The Lion's Roar is full of rich textures that unfurl around Klara and Johanna's bittersweet harmonies.
	As it is, The Lion's Roar is a quality release, but due to the stand out tracks being placed at the front and the end, the middle section feels weaker than it is, making the overall impression of the album suffer.
	For the sisters' part, their voices are steadier now, and richer.
	Vocals, sparse acoustic backings, gentle snare brushing, the occasional stab of a mellotron all create a very pristine listening experience.
	Mogis never allows the arrangements to pull focus from the Söderbergs' vocals.
	It weaves a pleasingly expanded set of instruments and styles, all under the watchful eye of producer Mike Mogis.
	All in all, the long player establishes that even though the Söderbergs are definitely young, they are wise and mature for their years.
	For the most part, The Lion's Roar is a mesmerizing listen that--alongside recent releases from the likes of the Tallest Man on Earth and Anna Ternheim--suggests the Swedish folk scene is currently hitting something of a purple patch.
	The songs shuffle styles, but the voices transcend genre distinctions--you may not hear a more beautifully sung record this year.
	A gorgeous, gripping study of English and north American folk music that covers as many of the genre's quirks as it can, without crawling from cliché to catastrophe.
	There's a nourishing warmth in their bittersweet laments.
	