Geogaddi is successful as few other albums are. Whereas many artists and groups tend to released records composed of series of unrelated songs, songs based on single concepts, or songs written and recorded during single studio sessions, Boards of Canada's latest has done something exponentially spectacular and commendable.
	More of the same, only more so. [Apr 2002, p.94]
	For the most part, Geogaddi only hints at new directions. But then, if it ain't broke, why fix it? [Apr 2002, p.78]
	A rare second album that matches a brilliant debut. [#54, p.76]
	Represents a considerable stride in ambition, reaching into dark unchartered territories and repaying close listening with the kind of organic insights that great music excels in unearthing.
	"Geogaddi" finds the Scottish duo ever adept at pushing the boundaries of electronic music without abandoning the hypnotically pacific nature of their sound.
	It's easily the electronic album of the year, but for all that, it doesn't break particularly new ground. The point more is that what ground is broken is done so with exquisite artistry.
	While some will complain about Boards of Canada's failure to cover new territory, the rest of us will delight in what we see as a very accomplished album packed with great music.
	It's a thoroughly satisfying album, but surprises are in short supply. [May 2002, p.120]
	Satisfying in every way that Aphex Twin's Drukqs wasn't. [Apr 2002, p.110]
	People wishing the group would change up their style a little more might find themselves a bit disappointed, but everyone else should be happy to know that they've again put forth a very solid effort, and one of the best electronic releases yet this year.
	Geogaddi isn't a classic.... Disappointing, however, it is not.
	Geogaddi is even more stripped-down and beautiful than Music Has..., BOC using simple circular rhythms and eerie samples to create an airless, ethereal ultraworld.
	Perhaps it's one of those unlikely Warp releases that manages to pair technical precision with an all-too-rare feeling of humanity. [Apr 2002, p.119]
	"Geogaddi" improves on "Music Has the Right to Children" by taking the Boards of Canada sound into darker, more disturbing and fragmented directions.
	Whereas Music Has the Right to Children's pastoral atmospherics were airy and open, Geogaddi is faintly claustrophobic and tense.
	Too much of 'Geogaddi' just rests on the Boards' well established tricks.
	Where Music flowed with a pastoral warmth, Geogaddi feels colder and more mortal, bound to the tension between its upper and lower registers. [May 2002, p.78]
	The results can be overwhelmingly moving, but also overbearing after 66 minutes of breathless wonder.
	Of the 23 tracks, only four truly stand out. [#218, p.58]
	Geogaddi is marvelously vague, as unconcerned with the real world as gangsta rap is obsessed with it. It's also a lovely, strangely comforting collection of electronic introspection, mood and shadow.
	