Their multiple piercings, shaved heads, and abundant tattoos have them labeled a punk band, but on [Revival], Good Charlotte... fall much more under the umbrella of 1970s arena rock and mainstream ballads.
	An album that proves being rich and famous doesn't always blunt a band's creative appetite. [31 Mar 2007]
	Their cannily constructed songs won't change anyone's life, but they sound good enough to almost convince you they mean something.
	13 tracks of Disney-channel-ready pop, buffed and Pro-Tooled almost beyond recognition--and it's not half bad. [Apr 2007, p.111]
	There are a few clunky dance tracks... but it's Madden's search for love in the L.A. wasteland that gives Revival a certain charm. [Mar 2007, p.86]
	Gimmicky moments are plentiful, but it's the box-fresh pop songs like "Misery" and "The River" that benefit most from their renewed sense of purpose. [Apr 2007, p.100]
	A perfectly functional album of loud guitars, ain’t life a bitch lyrics and the odd nod to different production styles and techniques.
	You know what you're getting with Good Charlotte, and while it's all very well and respectable to make shapes on the dance floor to one of their tunes after several pints, buying this album is both pointless and foolish. It's a pop album; just burn the singles if you must.
	Good Charlotte have become caricatures of themselves. [Apr 2007, p.175]
	The production quality is a crowning grace throughout the album in the face of some very dodgy writing and bad musical choices.
	Another album that gets further away from the band's core appeal.
	After years and years of hating every ounce of Maryland's mall-punk icons Good Charlotte, it seems now that the actual trick to enjoying their music on any plausible level is to go into the whole thing with absolutely no expectations. Not even low expectations. Nothing.
	Whatever snotty humor they once had has calcified into smug sanctimony, rendering this a slick, stylized, stiff affair whose brief signs of life... only put the shortcomings of the rest of this turgid mess in stultifying relief.
	It's all doom and gloom, and it ain't pretty. [May 2007, p.125]
	Vile, goth-jock pop with all the wit and nuance of a urine-soaked sock.
	A fourth album of stunning fatuousness.
	A mystifyingly inept CD that includes some of the worst lyrics you will — or, with any luck, won’t — hear all year. [26 Mar 2007]
	The problem is that for all the slick operations and glorious machinations of the marketing and production, this band has run out of steam; soulless without being undead.
	