Perfect.
	They deliver 18 tracks of timeless, gimmick-free and inventive rock. [14 Jul 2012, p.52]
	The band resorts to an 18-set record simply because everything is indisputably necessary and furthermore, solid gold.
	This is an album of atmosphere, huge highs, crushing lows, melodies, crescendos and something entirely new that still sounds natural. Stunning.
	Sure it comes with its imperfections, but it's this humanity that makes music so life affirming. Like all great rock bands that have gone before them-allow Baroness the opportunity to change your life. They just might succeed in doing so.
	On Yellow & Green, he [John Baizley] finds the confines of metal itself too limiting; so Baroness dive, dive, dive, dive into '90s commercial alternative harder than a sackful of Yucks and come out smarter and weirder and better than any metal band this year.
	This nearly flawless collection is simply the next step in the Baroness saga, and it's a beautiful one.
	Each disc stands on its own as a powerful document; together, they genuinely earn the word "epic.
	You can't deny how interesting some of these dynamic post-rock explorations are.
	To the wider rock world, Yellow/Green deserves to be regarded as a left of field classic, whilst to the metalheads who were perfectly content with the Baroness sound as it was, the record may seem something of a disappointment, its straightforward and melodic approach to songwriting the antithesis of the labyrinthine complexities and huge riffs of old.
	It's the their best album yet. [Aug 2012, p.102]
	Yellow & Green documents the evolution of Baroness from great metal band to great band.
	Brawny, anthemic hard-rock chug remains their backbone. [Aug 2012, p.69]
	Most songs keep to a more humble pace, unfurling slowly and often with surprising beauty. [Aug 2012, p.86]
	The band has crafted something surprising: a poignant, reflective hard-rock album that straddles the divide between '70s classic rock ambition and '90s alt-rock theatrics.
	Baroness possesses an acute sense of melody, unpredictable songwriting, and vision for its work. Yellow & Green encapsulates all of those things, and, consequently, it's one of the year's most engaging metal albums.
	Yellow & Green casts off the shackles of expectation while simultaneously taking a measured step in the direction of accessibility.
	Yellow & Green is an ambitious sprawl of music from a band willing to reinvent themselves with each album.
	The good does far outweigh the bad, and had this album been a bit more condensed, it would have been one of my favorites this year.
	What is perhaps this record's greatest strength: Baroness has crafted an epic collection of heavy music with two distinct spheres: the hard-hitting paranoia of Yellow, and the more organic, earthiness of Green.
	A thrilling hard-rock epic.
	Between the steady maturation displayed by those ensuing color-coded works and the quantity of songs here, both undeniably infectious and innovative, many more fans are bound to embark on the Georgians' strange, strange ride.
	There's an abundance of good ideas here, all of them fearlessly pursued. Next time, the band just needs to hire an editor.
	Their third album totaling 75 minutes and spread, slightly unnecessarily, over two CDs, it reaches unexpected new heights in the pantheon of 'metal bands who mellowed out'.
	The result is flat and congealed, lacking danger.
	Throughout this often incoherent hodgepodge of tunes, Baroness has mostly abandoned the contrast that made its previous records work so well.
	