A work of formidable and pristine beauty.
	This is a wonderful album, full of heart, skill and intelligence, and sure to be recognized as a classic.
	Cantrell, with a voice reminiscent of Alison Krauss and melodies much the same, was born for this stuff. [24 Jun 2005, p.162]
	Sometimes it does sound like The First Ever Country Record On Matador, too tied down to ideas of what country records are supposed to sound like.... And then Laura looks you in the eyes and you realise that really, you’re being a bit of a twit. She’s still there, the same as she ever was. Her surroundings have just got a bit grander.
	Humming by the Flowered Vine is an album that's a joy to listen to without sounding simple or hollow, and resonates with an evocative beauty comprised of both compassion and intellect.
	You’d be hard-pressed to find a music snob who can’t be won over by Cantrell’s lovely compositions.
	The melodies and brittle guitars burrow into your cerebrum. [Jul 2005, p.106]
	With Humming by the Flowered Vine, Cantrell has proven she's the rightful heiress to Lucinda Williams.
	Humming By The Flowered Vine takes the rootsy sounds of classic country music (incorporating Hank Williams, Lucinda Williams and everyone in between) and plops them smack dab in the middle of Manhattan.
	Obviously, the peerless craft and genuflecting reverence are beyond reproach; those desiring a more progressive form are out of luck.
	Like its predecessors, it's full of sweetly sung melodies and deceptively simple arrangements of originals and lovingly chosen covers.
	[Her] voice [is] as clear as a Great Smoky Mountain stream. [Aug 2005, p.127]
	Humming by the Flowered Vine works up a mix of matter-of-fact and earnest confessionals that's rarely precious, usually gorgeous and worth returning to.
	Cantrell is (still) a breath of fresh air. [#10, p.115]
	It's not until the seventh song that voice and material converge satisfyingly. [Jul 2005, p.115]
	In theory, there may be nothing wrong with a desire for mainstream acceptance, but Cantrell’s music suffers for it.
	Overall the mixture never quite gels, and the rasping timbre of Cantrell's voice ain't the prettiest sound you ever heard.
	