What makes OK Cowboy worthwhile is not a greater emphasis on the chilly tones that made Vitalic’s initial singles so impressive and characterized some of his savage DJ sets, but the demonstration of a surprising degree of variety and even humanity within those seemingly narrow colonnades of rising and whiplash synths over soulless, mechanical drums.
	Beyond the grooves etched in this record, what is most exciting is the ease with which Arbez brushes aside the canon of 90s giants.
	This is an album that leaves you in absolutely no doubt that, at the very least, Pascal Arbez-Nicolas is the best thing to come out of France since Daft Punk. [30 Apr 2005, p.63]
	A tour de force of infectious acid techno and head-rush-inducing electroclash and, as likely as not, this year's essential dance purchase.
	A record that's in the same league as Homework or Discovery.
	While Vitalic may add little to electronic music or its various subgenres, he interweaves effortlessly their prevailing styles into complex arrangements that are neither kinked-up innovation nor neutered homage.
	This debut album took three years to make and could almost be his greatest-hits collection. It's a cracker, too; all clean, punchy metal beats and blistering, drunken synth lines in the finest italo-disco style.
	Arbez not only shatters the risible notion that dance music is currently unwell, he also presents thrilling new ways of approaching pop, folk and rock'n'roll. [May 2005, p.100]
	You could buy this album just for "Poney Part 1," and really, it'd be worth it. [Jun 2005, p.81]
	Listening to it from start to finish is so bracing it's overwhelming; it sounds like what it would feel like to drink six cups of black coffee chased down with a bucket of ice water.
	OK Cowboy is a full-fledged album, with a satisfying ebb and flow that shows that Arbez's sound has several sides to it.
	A wicked, old-school set of club-ready, throw-your-hands-up electronica. [10 Mar 2006, p.69]
	Turns out that OK Cowboy is a good deal like the better house sets you’ll hear at a take-your-pick hot-house European club: pretty exhilarating, though once you’re licking the dry salt off your partner’s cheek you realize that only parts of it are truly inspiring, though all of it was pretty hottt.
	A sound thrumming with bold analogue synthesizers and beefy rock drums. [#254, p.67]
	Sound[s] like out-takes from [Daft Punk's] Discovery. [Jun 2005, p.118]
	