Biophilia is one of Bjork's best and most challenging records; it's in a galaxy all its own, one that's not for the faint of heart.
	It's surprisingly accessible, hypnotic and beautiful if you give it time and concentration.
	The singer's greatest strength remains the glistening natural resource flowing from her throat.
	Biophilia is an excellent addition to her glorious discography.
	Biophilia the "Bjork album" stands with the best of them.
	It is that rarest of things, a record so particular to Björk's own artistry that no-one could ever hope to replicate it.
	Though Biophilia is hardly easy listening, even by Bjork's challenging, outlandish standards, there's little doubting it'll stand as one of the more rewarding albums of her storied career.
	It's a mesmerising album which confirms that Björk can weave dumfounding wonders from Silly String--whatever's placed before her, she can turn to her advantage, taking her audience on a trip the likes of which no other contemporary artist is capable of planning, let alone embarking on. In a word: amazing.
	This music really doesn't need any window dressing because it's as good a collection of songs as she has put her name to in ten years.
	Biophilia is Björk, the sum total, and this album is her continued claim to the throne as the monarch of avant-pop.
	More than anything else, it makes you think.
	The challenging but exceedingly rewarding Biophilia is at its heart a deeply moving, mind-expanding tribute to how that most ineffable of human achievements.
	Biophilia is a delicate and highly tactile treat, a unique gem of innovation (pipe organs driven by computers, the mallet-tickled gameleste) and gentle real soul whose breathy endearing heights Bjork hasn't touched in a minute.
	You may not be whistling these songs or dancing to them, but Biophilia's unsettling visions are compelling art. Oct 2011, p.92]
	Educational and emotional in a uniquely approachable way, these songs are a lovely part of a bigger picture.
	Nothing here is complex or highbrow, but instead filled with the joy and clarity of understanding and connecting.
	There's not a lot of replay value in Björk's new mode, but it still works humbly well and the computer visuals go a long way toward expanding on the fragile, chamber orchestra feel of the music.
	When Bjork's supernatural voice soars in "Thunderbolt"--"Craving miracles"--soul easily trumps software.
	From the ashes of Volta, an album that occasionally felt like a career-killer, has come an album of startling beauty, furious invention, and inviting, warm atmosphere.
	Biophilia is no clever-clever cacophony. Like the natural world from which it draws inspiration, the album has structure and convention. And there is always the anchor of Björk's voice and her words, which conjoin emotional forces and elemental processes.
	Much of Biophilia holds you rapt because of the painstaking details.
	Whatever happens with the technology and wherever the arguments over music, art and commerce drag themselves to next, it's these songs that are the triumph here.
	It's certainly restless and innovative, but Biophilia never feels like hard work, however much the accompanying bumf tries to convince you it is.
	Even when she blinds her audience wit science, though, Bjork's vision remains remarkable. [Oct 2011, p.97]
	Whilst the musical content here is unlikely to shock or surprise Bjork's loyal admirers, it sees her continue to pursue her own radical and individual path with unshakeable conviction.
	Biophilia is a wonderful record in the most literal sense; it overflows with wonder. [Oct 2011, p.111]
	At the heart of it though, we're still left with what's Björk's been doing for most her whole life: music.
	It's a grower--don't go in without some time to invest, or the desire to listen multiple times and peel apart these lavishly constructed layers.
	While I'm not convinced Biophilia overcomes the slump as an album, every song has something going for it.
	It finds the singer in meditative mood--this is, by some distance, the least playful Björk album--and, amid soundscapes made from tinkling harps and bells and deep electronic burps and farts, she's an uncharacteristically discreet presence, a humble narrator of the wider story she's trying to tell.
	As much as the last four or so tracks do to redeem what is too often a failed and overly formal experiment in hyper-theoretical songcraft, the insoluble problem of Biophilia is that Björk has chosen to inflate what is ultimately one of her least essential musical statements to such spectacular proportions.
	As an innovator, she's as vibrant as ever, but as a songwriter, she sounds tired.
	Despite some flaws in its execution, Biophilia does succeed in pushing beyond the already established album-singles-videos model, and the creation of a digital experience to compliment the music feels like a natural progression in the way that music is packaged and consumed.
	As minimally executed as it is maximally conceived, Biophilia doesn't sculpt emptiness; it swims in it.
	Only "Virus" connects in the way Bjork's best work can, uniting the fundamental optimism and wonder underlining this project with music that sounds otherworldly yet welcoming.
	Several tracks do reclaim some of Björk's past glory and inspire a bit of wonder, but the majority of Biophilia meanders weightlessly into space.
	The only reliably engaging elements of the compositions are the wonderful choral arrangements that provide most of the mortar connecting Björk's voice to the instrumental parts.
	