For those who like their pop delicate and unapologetically deep, this is one for turning up loud and wallowing.
	It's one of the best things you'll hear all year. Bring on the next two.
	For all its dimensions and progress, the album is simultaneously designed to ensure that devoted fans will feel the wait was worth it.
	Maxwell might be delivering one course at a time, but for now, delivering one of the best albums of 2009 will sate your appetite just fine.
	The first album in a series of three (all with the same title, differing only in capitalizations) BLACKsummers'night isn't just the soul album of the year, but also a top-tier addition to the canon of a once-fizzling scene.
	It's free of gimmicks (Hey, an R&B record without Auto-Tuned vocals!) or trendy producers (No Kanye, no Timbaland; instead, guitarist Hod David does most of the work). No wonder BLACKsummers'night walks its own confident path down the artier fringe of R&B.
	The first single's called 'Pretty Wings,' but the whole thing flies.
	BLACKsummer'snight is a testament that Maxwell hasn't lost a beat.
	BLACKsummers'night is however, an impressive return to form. This is undeniably enthralling music: masterful, captivating and marvelous.
	The album teeters on adult contemporary but never lets go of Maxwell's characteristic playful glint. Anyone remotely interested in his sound should pick this up.
	It represents the singer's best work since the aforesaid "Urban Hang Suite." [Sep 2009, p.93]
	While it lacks the iconic significance of his debut, BLACKsummers'night is a record more than worthy of Maxwell's talents, because it trades the physical sensuality of his earlier work for a deep emotional resonance, the performance of an artist whose focus and attention to detail gives his expression a singular veracity.
	His sentiments rarely transcend the boudoir--and listeners lulled by the album's unvaryingly sleek, high-gloss beats may just drift off to dreamland before they get there.
	A few tracks (the fuzzy 'Fistful of Tears') miss the mark, but this is the necessary R&B return from one of our great--and seemingly lost--soulmen.
	Upon first blush, there isn't much to chew on in BLACKsummers'night. Upon second pass, the absences become haunting.
	Maxwell's voice is so unusually rich and supple that at best, as on the mercurial 'Bad Habits,' you cannot help but disregard his fondness for cliche.
	