It's best to purely take in the dissimilarity of this exceptional new album in contrast to Hospice--it's downright astonishing on its very own.
	It isn't as conceptual as its predecessor, but Burst Apart is just as much of an event, one that comes with some cautious optimism in the end.
	Burst Apart is full of wonderful little surprises like this, that add up to two big ones: that The Antlers didn't try to follow up Hospice by repeating themselves, and nevertheless, that they have delivered a more than worthy successor.
	As an exercise in maintaining artistic form, it's an indisputable success.
	Burst Apart deserves all the plaudits that can be thrown at it; albums are rarely as unashamedly, gut-wrenchingly, genuinely emotional as this.
	Burst Apart retains all the band's compositional prowess and aural splendor, but it's also a record we can truly celebrate.
	The Antlers maintain the poignancy that becomes them and the result is an album bursting with richness.
	The Antlers won't hold your hand through Burst Apart, which will inevitably make it more of a grower, but stick around -- it's all the more affecting for how it allows you to pick your own stumbling, lonely path.
	The Brooklyn trio rein in the misery. [July 2011, p. 106]
	A collection of mesmeric, epic stillness.
	For the follow-up, however, the band have expanded their sound, swaddling typically despondent lyrics in gorgeous electronic textures (Rolled Together, Tiptoe) and Portisheadesque beats, as on the glistening Parenthesis.
	As it turns out, Burst Apart finds the Antlers undergoing the best kind of reinvention, one in which a willingness to seek out newer sonic frontiers helps the band access a more nuanced emotional palette.
	In fact, this is what makes Burst Apart so unnerving (which is one of the music's chief pleasures).
	Burst Apart is clearly the work of the same songwriter, but it never sounds like a mere retread. The Antlers' belief in this material comes through loud and clear, and it will likely resonate with a new multitude of fans, as well.
	Thanks to his varied songwriting, there's nary a weak link in Burst Apart. It might not benefit from the easy hooks of a concept album, but if you stick around till the end, it is every bit as rewarding as Hospice.
	It's an album you appreciate not because you have to, but because you want to.
	The Antlers magnify private sorrows to overwhelming scale, creating grand anthems and then smearing them with noise.
	Burst Apart is smart and calculated without feeling as though you're being duped by artificial feelings.
	In short, Burst Apart, as truly beautiful as its compositions are, is haunted by Hospice.
	Burst Apart, while far from perfect, is sort of a special album.
	As it stands Burst Apart is a record of big songs from a band that's good at generating big songs, and we should be relieved that The Antlers can be impressive without an overarching concept behind them.
	A record that's every bit the sonic departure it had to be, it nevertheless recalls its forebear's themes, seeing matters of the heart from a more reflective stance.
	Hospice may have been organic and fragile, but Burst Apart is sleek and self-assured, and the new image suits Silberman and the Antlers well.
	At its best, Burst Apart is a delicate, varied work that hints that we've only begun to see what this group is capable of.
	The Antlers, fronted by the sepulcral warble of Peter Silberman, manage to distinguish themselves slightly from these shuffling, mournful legions by bringing to bear a gently epic sensibility that verges on the orchestral. [Jul 2011, p.77]
	With the striking falsetto of Peter Silberman dominating their songs, The Antlers may be America's equivalent of Wild Beasts.
	The Antlers still summon widescreen, dramatic moments when their moody tangents cohere, but too many songs sacrifice substance for prettiness, gliding by forgettably.
	Burst Apart is a passable follow-up to an incredible record, but that's all it is. Passable.
	