Give[s] Skyward In Triumph and Earth 2 a run for the title of Best Album By A Duo, ever. [Jan 2005, p.113]
	You won’t hear a more exhilarating, dizzying record for a long time to come.
	You’re a Woman, I’m a Machine is the kind of “feelings” album that fans of noise-rock or hardcore can listen to without fear of being soft. For the rest of us, it’s an indulgence of our more dramatic emotions.
	Take the pop from Guns ‘N Roses, take the pomp from Van Halen and take the piss out of uber-serious nu-metal and you’ve got one of the most inventive metal outfits in recent history.
	By turning the rock knob down a notch, DFA79 have kept You're a Woman loud and nasty and ensured a cohesion and unusual degree of listenability.
	They capably cover everything from noisy freakouts ("Turn It Out") to electroclash chillouts ("Sexy Results"), and manage to hold it all together better than bands armed with triple the sonic arsenal.
	Pulses with a steady, sweaty energy that's punctuated with arena-sized hooks.
	A danceable yet heavy album.
	Channels sledgehammer power into 11 tunes with a filthy, deeply groovy core. [Mar 2005, p.104]
	Bowel-rattling rhythmic rock that's as viscerally exciting as it is grubby. [Feb 2005, p.101]
	If you like your dance music jerky, nasty and just a little bit angry, Death From Above are your boys.
	As for the songs themselves, they're surprisingly varied and accessible; fans of punk, metal, and stoner rock will be the first to gravitate toward this album, but there are tracks that have the potential of reaching a much wider audience.
	Brings together the best parts of metal, hardcore punk-rock and dance-y post-punk for a sound that would be otherwise useless if it weren't for one thing: The boys got "it."
	A lesson in less is more.
	A truly rocking dance punk album that fulfills on the promise of a dubious genre; other artists in this so-called movement have only hinted at something this fun and dance-able.
	These songs will undoubtedly knock the wind out of you, but for every dynamic explosion or screeching wall of noise there’s a hook in tow.
	A titanic assault of monstrous proportions. [29 Jan 2005, p.59]
	Smart and occasionally even danceable, if not quite as cool as they think. [May 2005, p.111]
	I don't get this.
	The results range from stupid to sexy to irresistably stupid. [Jan/Feb 2005, p.103]
	You're a Woman, I'm a Machine might be the best party record on this side of '79 that your local abandoned warehouse has ever seen.
	