After years of being the untrained savage in the china shop of modern metal, HOF may find themselves owning the store with this accomplished thrash platter.
	Monolithic, streamlined and straight from the underworld, Snakes For The Divine is High On Fire's finest hour thus far.
	Snakes for the Divine is another physically punishing tour de force from a band whose fans will settle for nothing less, and have rarely been let down--certainly not this time around.
	They patented a style and on their fifth studio album, Snakes for the Divine, see no reason to change it.
	With his lyrics, his robust riffs, and flamboyant solos, Pike and High on Fire embody everything that is fun about heavy metal, and no matter how unpredictable they can be as far as production goes, we'll always know that there's no such thing as a bad High on Fire album, and Snakes For the Divine is no exception.
	Snakes for the Divine shows that metal, in its most basic and elemental forms, still has plenty of visceral thrill left in it--as long as it's done right. And High on Fire do it right.
	It's tight, concise and thrillingly sharp--what makes High on Fire's fifth album such a success is its intricacy and balance that allows it to appeal to more than your friendly neighbourhood metalhead.
	Bassist Jeff Matz and double-kickdrum killer Des Kensel flank Pike at every turn. The album-opening title track establishes a menacing, mathematical momentum, and the trio never falter.
	As much as High On Fire pride themselves on their recorded brand of relentless brawn, How Dark We Pray, down to its fine solos and overall execution, is the album's best moment.
	Whether Snakes For The Divine is the band's best album yet is open to debate, but it's certainly their biggest, burliest, and most devastating. [Mar/Apr 2010, p.90]
	That sound has been changing, clearing up by degrees without sacrificing the band's greasy mysticism--"Blessed Black Wings" from 2004, engineered by Steve Albini, was a breakthrough--but here the band is really getting presentable.
	Although this doesn't quite scale the heights of their two previous LPs, "Death Is This Communion" and "Blessed Black Wings," it shouldn't be thought of as a point of no return. As ambassadors for metal, they remain near-peerless.
	The production jars mainly on the opener, "Snakes For the Divine" - Pike's leads sound wankier, and Kensel's drums flatter and softer, than one might want. But overall, Fidelman's work doesn't obtrude too badly.
	Final Relapse anvil Death Is This Communion (2007) might never be breached, but lacking such compositional invincibility, Fire's fifth LP still incinerates a galaxy of Euro metal.
	High On Fire sound like Lemmy fronting Black Sabbath on a Slayer tribute night. [Apr 2010, p.106]
	If Matt Pike's current group High On Fire are a little less singular than Om, in thrall to the dark trash of Slayer and Celtic Frost, five albums have semn them chisel out their own grizzled, imposing image. [May 2010, p.90]
	