A completely brilliant beginning to what hopes to be a long and bright career.
	House of Balloons is still his finest hour to date, but Echoes of Silence comes damn close to it.
	It's an impressive consolidation of his strengths, tightening up his songwriting and sharpening his often disturbing wordplay.
	One of the more vocal complaints about The Weeknd's second mixtape was its lack of immediacy, which Echoes of Silence certainly outgrows.
	It's Tesfaye's total commitment to his ghastly persona that makes Echoes Of Silence so entrancingly chilling.
	Tesfaye's velvety melodies infuse his trippy minimalism like incense smoke, getting lost only on the too-woozy title track.
	A strong finish to Tesfaye's first trilogy, providing just enough closure to satisfy, and just enough mystery left to entice us back for the next round.
	Despite a couple of missteps and the odd moment of doubt, I can't remember the last time a series of three full-length records released this close together has captured me--and others--in the way that this has.
	The dragging beats, washes of synthesiser and eclectic musical references – chillwave and crunk hip-hop, Aaliyah and France Gall – somehow contrive to sound not just eerie and desolate but cosseting as well, inexorably drawing the listener into a deeply troubling world.
	The mood is still dark, druggy and claustrophobic, but this time Tesfaye is channelling a pain that's less about cold emptiness than it is about more traditional heartbreak and longing.
	Echoes is a profound listen that, despite its veneer of cynicism, oozes pain and crisis.
	Thoroughly compelling and impeccably produced.
	The ubiquity of the Weeknd has saturated their latest mixtape, and ultimately Echoes of Silence struggles under that ubiquity.
	While some of the beats seem recycled from Thursday or House of Balloons they still sound good and don't detract from the songs [here].
	Disappointing as Echoes of Silence may be as a collection of songs, it nonetheless serves its purpose in giving the Weeknd's triptych a suitably grim finale.
	The Weeknd has helped make R&B a creepier place, crooning too-honest come-ons over cavernous, ballad-slow tracks that balance leering sensuality with vague menace.
	Echoes of Silence shows that Abel Tesfaye continues to evolve, and it offers a glimpse of potentially exciting future.
	