Where each successive album seemed like a new page, The Argument feels like a brilliant new chapter.
	Being both ear shattering and spine tingling at once, this is Fugazi at their "musical" best.
	There are some truly fascinating marriages of old and new happening.... One of the best albums you'll hear this year.
	'The Argument' is the sound of a band stretching out and thereby consolidating their position as a unique entity.
	While The Argument may not be as bracing as their groundbreaking work from a decade ago, it crystallizes the strengths of four musicians hitting every mark.
	The members of Fugazi exercise a controlled intensity that exudes grace, their concise-yet complex songs experimenting wisely. [#52, p.87]
	It's still the best mix of fury and fluency since phony Beatlemania bit the dust. [Jan 2002, p.107]
	Yet another leap forward for a band that has constantly pushed itself in new directions.
	The Argument showcases a band of uncommon power grappling with subtler shades as well as their quiet/loud, dub-influenced trademark sound. [Dec 2001, p.102]
	Musically, The Argument represents Fugazi's best collection of songs from their 13-year career.
	Whilst 'The Argument' still sounds unmistakably Like Fugazi, it's the sound of an inspirational band, renewed, at play.
	With 'The Argument' arriving awash in the unmistakably sinewy and elliptic post-hardcore sound Fugazi have made their own (sonically at least) this is more or less business as usual.
	The Argument is quieter, slinkier and even slower to develop than 1997's tortoise-paced End Hits. [Dec 2001, p.82]
	The Argument provides a rough blueprint for Fugazi’s current music: more melodic, fascinated as much with miniatures as grand anthems, more tensed, better prepared for the inevitable explosions.
	Where recent albums have felt more like protracted jam sessions -- impressive, if not actually exciting -- this has renewed sparkle, raiding indie-pop territory with harmonies, hand-claps and even the odd acoustic guitar.
	This is really a leap forward.
	Instrumentally complex and inventive. [Nov 2001, p.98]
	In every skewed guitar note and crackling drum beat, every cello stroke and modulation of MacKaye's malleable voice, there's a passion for rigor - intellectual, political and musical.
	The Argument is the first outing for the Dischord flagship band since '98's End Hits, and offers substantial improvement over that LP's uneven sonic experimentation.
	Somewhat less focused and intense than much of their earlier work, their latest falters when it reaches for subtle musical textures. [9 Nov 2001, p.110]
	