The Boy With No Name instantly gets Travis back to the business of being Travis. [#25, p.102]
	Travis has taken the last four years to square their sunnier sound with their darker one. The Boy With No Name pulls this off without seeming overly planned or calculated. [#17, p.87]
	The Boy With No Name has a handful of absolute crackers, proving that Travis are still capable of penning a tune that wraps its tendrils around your ears and won’t let go until at least four minutes have passed.
	Healy is back to penning unabashed, sparkling pop gems.
	A good, albeit soft, Brit-pop CD, from a band that continues to mature.
	The boys deliver the same sort of agreeable Britpop they've made their name on, wisely realizing that ambition's really not for everyone.
	The loose vibe works, but unlike "sing," humming along won't come naturally. [18 May 2007, p.66]
	Overall, The Boy With No Name has just enough personality to remind imitators like Coldplay and Keane from whence they came. [Jun 2007, p.151]
	[They] have returned sounding pretty much exactly the same as they did three and a half years ago.
	The disappointing moments are fleeting, as Travis has figured out that the niche they created for themselves eight years ago is a comfy one, a sound which, inoffensive and safe as it may be, suits the band perfectly.
	Amiably lightweight. [Jun 2007, p.115]
	[Their] first [album] to sound authentically beaten up. [Jun 2007, p.101]
	While the first half of the record is promising, however, the band loses steam toward the end.
	There are no surprises or unexpected turns and the overall dearth of spontaneity ensures an empty and shallow experience.
	Sadly, the last third of this Boy sinks, but by then the damage is already done.
	Occasionally they attempt to rise above their signature light Brit-pop sound with slightly heavier tunes like "My Eyes Wide Open," but it comes off as forced.
	The band may have paved the way for the likes of Coldplay and Snow Patrol, but they still haven't found their "Clocks" or "Chasing Cars."
	For a band with such a legacy, and a pre-millennium back catalogue to die for, this record feels hollow and uninspiring.
	There are plenty more wishy-washy guitar tunes present like the drippy, tambourine laced Battleships, the wheezing Out in Space and the sub-danger of Eyes Wide Open; all riddled with Fran Healy's girlish croon. Spare us.
	'The Boy With No Name' is everything you'd expect from a new Travis album and less.
	