A musical odyssey across a real and imagined landscape of mountains and cities, dreams and memories. [May 2005, p.95]
	The air of two songwriters on rare form, confidently challenging each other to greater heights, is inescapable.
	Robert's songs more tuneful in their maturity, Grant's more atmospheric, they punch 'em all up to make a stronger impression than on their comeback album.
	Finally--a Go-Betweens album with the clarinet solos, harmonies, programmed drums, and splendor this band needs. Oceans Apart really sounds bright yellow and bright orange.
	They remain one of rock's most pleasurable hand-me-down discoveries. [29 Apr 2005, p.148]
	The quintessential much-loved cult band, they’ve yet to make an album their fans didn’t adore, but the good news is that “Oceans Apart” is one of their finest.
	Though it's more of a mash-up of two solo EPs than an album, we're just lucky these guys still bump into each other. [May 2005, p.105]
	If 2000's The Friends of Rachel Worth was a tentative warm-up and 2002's Bright Yellow, Bright Orange a encouraging but inconsistent workout, Oceans Apart is the sound of two artists hitting a self-assured and motivated stride.
	With its imagination, startling creativity, and sheer pop soul, Oceans Apart is the first great Go-Betweens' record of the 21st century.
	The album is wonderfully cohesive. [May 2005, p.119]
	There are songs here that count among the best they've made. [May 2005, p.119]
	The band sounds re-energised by an idea of the city, the marketplace, pop ambition. [May 2005, p.102]
	This is it, folks - this is the Go-Betweens album you’ve been waiting since the joyous news of their reunion. Oceans Apart captures the lushness of their earlier works, the separate-yet-complementary songwriting beauty of Forster and McLennan and their ability to paint the doldrums in charming pastels.
	Oceans Apart is the album that fans have been waiting for, the one that brings back the flawless production of their early releases and the cynical/idealistic tradeoff in Forster and McLennan’s songwriting.
	[A] sonic sheen (and the punchy rhythm section) gives the songs an immediacy that the previous reunion records have lacked.
	Their best record since reuniting. [#68, p.95]
	Newcomers will hear a seductively pretty indie-pop record, while their still-ballooning cult can marvel at the sound of their iridescent melodies turning autumn-gold.
	Full of beautifully manicured pop that's often atmospheric and always dramatic, though it certainly wouldn't have hurt to toss in a few truly memorable choruses. [Jun 2005, p.164]
	McLennan's guitar enlivens even Forster's sketchier contributions ("Mountains Near Dellray" is a complete enigma); his own writing is harder to get behind.
	Yet as awkward as they sometimes sound, the Go-Betweens are still writing consistently gorgeous pop songs, and Oceans Apart proves they aren't content simply pleasing their most die-hard fans; they're back to making albums that, in a better world, appeal to everyone.
	As far as the songs go, there’s not a bad apple in the bunch. And some, like Lavender and its wonderful one-note melody, or No Reason to Cry and its breezy vocals, are really terrific. But oooooh, the cheese in that sound.
	Oceans laps upbeat and crisp, like winter in the Hamptons, a sleigh ride to 16 Lovers Lane.
	The strategy is the same: start with a basic, inoffensive and unambitious melody, repeat it over and over again, toss on a few scatting horns (between three and five notes only, please, and let’s keep dissonance to a minimum) and whatever other trinkets are in the studio, and voila! An instantly forgettable pop breeze.
	