It owns its shamelessness. That cocksure stance helps to make it one of the most convincing albums of the year, a huge leap forward for a group that threatened to become famous without leaving a true mark.
	For the most part, Lady Antebellum strikes a nice balance between the two, keeping the penchant for bighearted ballads and the vocal chemistry between Charles Kelley and Hillary Scott intact.
	With their easy pop-country tempos and ingratiating white-soul harmonies, Charles Kelley, Hillary Scott, and Dave Haywood are masters of the soft sell, an approach they employ here with characteristically genteel results.
	While their songs are conventional love ballads, their stories of love and its loss familiar ones, there is a palpable sense of foreboding throughout the album.
	Not surprisingly, everything sounds bigger, brighter and shinier than on Lady A's first two albums. That'll probably go over well with fans of grandiose country pop, but the all-stops-out production gradually loses impact.
	So, Own the Night  is mood music but the aim isn't amorous; it's nothing more than a spot of relaxation, which doesn't quite amount to compelling listening no matter how immaculate the execution.
	For every well-placed mandolin run or B-3 organ riff, there's something equally tacky to balance things out.
	While the average age of Lady Antebellum's members is a relatively youthful 28, Own The Night is purposely old-fashioned, even geriatric.
	Raucous boot-stompers kick up the dust around soppy slowies, with many a chorus dripping with the sort of gooey gobbledygook that typifies a thousand rom-coms.
	Own the Night is mainly notable for the way it papers over emotional cracks (As You Turn Away: "No, we can't be friends/ I don't think I can take seeing you and knowing where we've been") with beige wallpaper.
	Pumping up country's boy-girl duet tradition in a trio format, but largely minus grit or wit, Lady Antebellum's follow-up to their Grammy-gobbling Need You Now is a set of heart-squishing power ballads and airbrushed twang rockers ready to woo Walmart shoppers.
	In the past, the trio has been able to elevate their unremarkable songwriting with spirited performances, but that isn't the case on Own the Night
	