A stunning achievement and the first exceptionally great album of 2006.
	So come now fans of insidious and wily (yet cerebral) rock, Liars have delivered just what you need... even if you don't realize it yet.
	The disc may be too weird for people who like their music categorically cut and dried, but adventurous listeners will want to bang Liars' Drum often. [May 2006, p.178]
	Unequivocally recommended for the open-minded among us. [Apr 2006, p.86]
	A manically strange, darkly and violently beautiful, and deliriously pop album.
	Drum's Not Dead is a majestic victory lap, and on all levels, a total fucking triumph.
	This is music that relies entirely on feeling, and while not for everyone it is music at its most impulsively, spontaneously creative.
	With their third album, Liars have succeeded in creating the near-impossible; a conceptual work that speaks to the emotions and the intellect simultaneously.
	There's a subtle beauty amid the madness. [24 Mar 2006, p.70]
	Drips with a sense of myth and mystery.
	Perhaps it took a grueling creative journey and a battle with self-doubt to get there, but the end result is a band that has retained its brash experimental flare while discovering its heart.
	Through the course of "Drums Not Dead", you'll endure an unsettling, slightly terrifying experience, the likes of which is rarely committed to record.
	The trio's chanting, loops and metal-bashing framework is now fleshed out by some beautiful ambient-noise balladry. [Mar 2006, p.106]
	Every minute of the album demands patience and something resembling concentration.
	Admittedly, the tracks take multiple listens to truly grasp beyond their primal appeal. [#13, p.92]
	Drum is a challenging listen... But as the songs flow one into the next, a powerful tension builds, released finally by the gorgeous closing ballad. [Apr/May 2006, p.108]
	Despite some tracks that take immediate hold, it's another album that takes a little bit of simmering to really sink in.
	Despite isolated moments of brilliance, Drum’s Not Dead fails to mesh.
	It is clear that Liars are, just now, coming into their own musically, making music that ebbs and flows and might actually invite emotion as much as it does analysis.
	It's true that many of these tracks are not for the casual listener, but that's also not the point.
	Drum's Not Dead is undeniably interesting, but somehow unsatisfying.
	Pretentious? Absolutely. But the music can also be genuinely eerie. [27 Mar 2006]
	Out there, sure--but this is the sort of experimentalism Radiohead scoop plaudits for. [18 Feb 2006, p.35]
	Kraut-rock drones run together into one long, thudding hum. [Mar 2006, p.95]
	It seems the group have ditched their purposefully disturbing sound for something at once more experimental and listenable.
	Much of Drum's Not Dead suggests a Ligeti score for The Blair Witch Project as played by The Residents. [Mar 2006, p.88]
	So goofy and heartfelt it's endearing. [Apr 2006, p.114]
	The dual-drumkit, tribal incantations and ominous drones have a pleasing menace but when you factor in the "concept"... patience starts to wane. [Mar 2006, p.111]
	One long ridiculous story/art project gone horribly wrong. [#19, p.92]
	