While they may have grown up, Good Charlotte have clearly not lost sight of who they are. Perhaps most importantly, though, they still know where they're going. [30 Oct 2010, p.50]
	Good Charlotte are multi-platinum scene superstars, but Cardiology might just be their best effort yet. [Nov 2010, p.112
	Commercially-driven producers or not, though, the band have a knack for keeping their sound current and contemporary –- while still being reminiscent of their early material.
	A decade and five albums into its career, the rock band certainly sounds as youthful as ever.
	Maturity doesn't necessarily suit the band--there's a natural, flat whine to Joel Madden's voice that dooms him to eternal adolescence--but every step Good Charlotte makes toward a comfortable middle age on Cardiology is a step that succeeds, producing music that resonates louder and longer than the flashy twaddle of Good Morning Revival.
	What Good Charlotte don't seem to have picked up along the way are any startlingly new ways of delivering their honeyed ramalama pop-punk. Which could prove troublesome for them in the long run, now that the punk bubble has once again popped.
	Maryland pop-punks are shamelessly commercial and ruthlessly effective. [Dec. 2010, p. 96]
	Cardiology, the pop-punk band's fifth album, struggles to stay relevant.
	Their fifth disc is rife with signs of rock ambition - acoustic songcraft, sweeping guitar solos - folded into their vaguely emo, synthed-up sound.
	To make listeners' hearts melt, there's a lullaby for Joel's daughter, Harlow, a bit of a cynical move when most of the album is about sleeping with other radio stars, getting wasted like it's your birthday and getting wasted, sleeping with someone, blacking out and thinking it was the best night of your life.
	As a whole, Cardiology is an attempt to leave behind the band's failed newer sound and return to their pop-punk roots.
	Cardiology dials down the sparkle, which is kind of a bummer; plodding fake-U2 anthems such as "Right Where I Belong" are definitely not Good Charlotte's sweet spot.
	Although the new album opens promisingly with Beach Boys-esque a cappella before kicking into a handful of bland yet workable pop-punk tunes, the middle backslides into watered-down dance-rock.
	Joel and Benji Madden's fifth album of anthemic dumbness. [Dec. 2010, p. 110]
	Cardiology is monstrously offensive – the latest shit-streak by music's laziest sons.
	This latest offering is meandering chirpy slobber that sounds more boy band than ever.
	