Timez Are Weird These Days is the perfect example of what London is capable of, snatching elements of popular music from across the decades to create a sound that's both nostalgic and refreshing.
	While Refused deconstructed post-hardcore, Iceage's stunning debut, New Brigade, slaps vibrant new life into the worked-over corpse of post-punk, radiating a breathless, desperate, ramshackle charm that runs counter to the frigid gloom of the music.
	A record that's easily as good as any punk release you'll hear in 2011.
	While it has been out in their native land since January and only recently been made available in this country through tiny New York-based What's Your Rupture?, this 12-track typhoon is exactly the kick in the ass our sorry punk community needs in the wake of Jay Reatard's untimely death.
	This ambiguity is precisely what makes New Brigade so exciting--there's no dogged political agenda, nor a desire to sound wiser than their 17 to 19-age range. And even if it sounds like a slush of trebly clatter, Iceage manage to pack a wallop of melodic transitions in each measure.
	All these lurches and groans and crashes and bangs and stutters and roars come together to form one consistently rousing, emotionally immediate whole. From them to you.
	New Brigade is over in about 23 minutes, and each second feels well worth your time. Though the band can get sloppy at points, perhaps even a bit repetitive, Iceage have crafted some very memorable tracks here; and more than anything, New Brigade shows that this band has much more to offer in the future.
	The success of the album lies partly in the production, which allows the teenagers close to the limits of acceptable disorder, but reins them in and lays on the quality when needed.
	A taut rhythmic thrust buttresses frontman Elias Ronnernfelt's laconic vocals throughout, while braying guitars pummel relentlessly over this breathless hurtle of 12 stunning songs. [Jul 2011, p.89]
	Not bad for four young men barely out of their teens playing rowdy, undiluted hardcore. That has a lot to do with the excellence of their debut album. [Jun 2011, p.85]
	It's all tension and release, with barely a second wasted to gasp for air amidst the squall of a band on invigorating form.
	So whether it's the enigmatic profile that got Iceage noticed or all the name-checking and cross-referencing, New Brigade  is really about a group that's making a name for itself, now and in the future. Iceage, to riff off the band's own words, isn't going to fade any time soon, only grow and grow.
	New Brigade is charmingly underdeveloped, slapdash, and direct--in other words, absolutely thrilling.
	It's a lot to wrap your head around, especially given the brief run time, but it also hits with a powerful immediacy, even on first listen. Justifies the hype.
	A punk band with a Steely Dan fixation they most certainly are not, but in their best moments these kids do rouse something as opulently degenerate and self-destructively lax as the Dan's cleanest work.
	As a general rule on New Brigade, the faster, shorter and more atonal the tracks, the more intriguing the Danes become.
	There's something lunky and crude that weighs down the chaos, even if it outwardly resembles arty contrariness. Motorik without motor skills, New Brigade actually sounds new.
	The rest of the album sees the group continue to rip from the history of punk to make something decidedly fresh.
	