Kelly sounds exhilaratingly unhinged by passion. It drives him into territory no one else is able--or willing--to navigate. [Aug 2005]
	Like all of his previous work over the past 13 years, he has given R&B fans something to sing about.
	While the content is strictly sex obsessed, the range of musical styles here is as varied and satisfying as the many positions and places the album will take you. [Sep 2005, p.229]
	TP3 Reloaded is one of those albums where every song sounds like a radio single.
	He is now the unquestioned master of the ultra-slow groove, where the beat turns into an inner throb as notes ooze and drip from his synthesizers. [4 Jul 2005]
	He doesn't break any new lyrical ground, but Kelly's talent for penning original, infectious grooves remains intact.
	Easy on the ears, a little ridiculous and enthralling all at once. [28 Jul 2005, p.80]
	A gleaming set of R&B, pop, bedroom soul and even reggae. [Sep 2005, p.112]
	It's not that R lacks imagination, but Sex in the Kitchen, Sex Weed and (Sex) Love Is What We Makin' ... suggest that he needs to sort out his libido if he's going to be remembered as anything other than a heavy-handed stud.
	TP.3 Reloaded initially seems like a rote exercise in self-parody, then a delightful romp in self-parody, then finally something in between.
	Unsurprisingly, "TP3.com" is overblown and overlong with appearances from the usual suspects - The Game, Twista and the ubiquitous Snoop - and production qualities as impressive as his libido.
	With one or two exceptions, all of these songs are second and third rate by his standard.
	Uneven by and large, and below what we all know R.’s capable of, this one mostly shoots blanks.
	Listen at your own peril. [8 Jul 2005, p.71]
	Too gloopily uniform. [16 Jul 2005, p.50]
	Kelly's whole approach is familiar and threadbare. [3 Jul 2005]
	Somebody press more charges against this fool--he's losing focus.
	If it’s funny and not unlistenable, we may have a kitsch classic on our hands, right? No. The third way to describe this album is: reprehensible.
	