Celebration Rock starts strong and stays there over the course of its eight songs and 35 minutes.
	[The lyrics] carry a meaning that doesn't stop when the song does.
	Kind of heartwarming that it's still possible for a young band to rock out with palpable joy about the pleasures, terrors, and life lessons of the road.
	Celebration Rock is a tipsy toast to the very best moments in life.
	Where Post-Nothing melts into a hazy dream, Celebration Rock does exactly what it claims to do-it burns on and on like the best sort of party.
	This is not the sound of settling.
	"Continuous Thunder" is a sensitive parting shot, and cements Celebration Rock's emotional depth. [Jul 2012, p.98]
	What makes this album so powerful and moving is the way that innocence erodes in its second half.
	An inspired, exhilarating spectacle that makes good on its gang vocals, feel-good (but not cheesy) lyrics, pleasantly muddy production, and galloping sense of self-confidence.
	The duo taps into a power greater than itself to address impossibly vast and elemental topics-- friendship, lust, revenge, art, self-actualization-- with songs every bit as big.
	Celebration Rock is in perpetual motion, driven by a visceral sense of urgency that most modern guitar music is so sorely lacking.
	It works, but it doesn't make sense, and can't be explained. It can only be heard.
	The songs punch and swerve and sway like organic beings, structured in a way that amplifies rather than hems in emotional resonance.
	Japandroids sophomore effort is loaded end to end with great songwriting and the joy they've found in their influences.
	Celebration Rock encapsulates the kind of affirmative, collective experiences that define an entire adolescence.
	Celebration Rock is raw frenzy, tender love, and foolish cacophony.
	Japandroids sing about lost youth and sex and drinking atop hammer-of-the-geeks distortion swirls and holler-along refrains a gorilla could pump some paw to.
	Celebration Rock presents hedonism as a means to an end. There's nothing nihilistic or sneering about it. It invites everyone to the party.
	Bookended by snippets of crackling fireworks, the aptly-titled 'Celebration Rock' is big on anthems, euphoria and fistpumping rock'n'roll thrills.
	Utterly everyday yet utterly recognisable and distinctive, Celebration Rock is pounding, lithe and youthful.
	The sheer energy pouring from this record is breathtaking: not until the very final song ('Continuous Thunder') does Celebration Rock's sense of acceleration cease.
	An album wracked with spirit and a ferocious refusal to let anything slide away. Every track's an anthem; every second's precious, each breath as breathless as the last.
	Harder, better, faster and stronger than their excellent debut, 2009's Post Nothing.
	Celebration Rock is near-perfect in what it sets out to do: making people happy, bringing them together.
	Japandroids is bloated, angry, and absolute proof that the heart of rock & roll is still beating.
	Midway through, it's already tiresome to hear the anthemic shouting and seemingly non-stop drum fills. It's a celebratory listen for sure, but one that could do with a breather that shows off this duo's skills. [No.88 p.58]
	Celebration Rock could arguably lack the powerful impact of the first record. Still, it's a hell of lot of fun.
	Celebration Rock's high-tempo riff rock concerns itself with energy and embraces our serendipitous run-ins with those good times worth remembering.
	At times all this vim can slip into noise. [Jul 2012, p.74]
	Celebration Rock delivers more of the same good-time guitar-pop anthems about girls and night on the tiles, delivered at breakneck velocity and near-deafening volume. [Jul 2012, p.104]
	All too often, though, it's an attempt at this exact same sound that lacks any ideas; not so much directionless as without destination.
	Japandroids know how to bring the ruckus. But elsewhere the power-chord pummelage gets a bit one-note.
	Each song spills over with a breathless, unhinged vigour that impresses... But taken all together, the band's refusal ever to let up on volume, bombast, group-shouted vocals, fast-strummed chords or smashing drums makes Celebration Rock an exhausting sonic assault in need of variety.
	