'Aerial' towers over the vast majority of even this year's embarrassment of riches.
	It is filled with things only Kate Bush would do.
	Considering the length of her hiatus, this is a remarkable surprise.
	Kate Bush is the greatest living British artist in song and this is her masterpiece. [Dec 2005, p.96]
	Aerial isn’t perfect, but it is magnificent.
	Like all ambitious double albums, [Aerial] is not without its flaws, but even Bush's moments of failure are much more interesting than those of her contemporaries.
	You could lose yourself for days here. [Dec 2005, p.142]
	Over two CDs the music expands towards novel-like richness.
	There's no pushing of the envelope because there doesn't need to be. Aerial is rooted in Kate Bush's oeuvre, with grace, flair, elegance, and an obsessive, stubborn attention to detail.
	Despite her prolonged absence, Bush sounds as vital as ever.
	It's a stirring return to that special place behind the eyes of Kate Bush, where every raindrop contains universes within universes.
	The songs don't always match the brouhaha surrounding their arrival, but there's no denying the exquisite craft on display.
	A more satisfying album intellectually than it is musically.
	Even if Aerial doesn't set the world on fire, it's good to hear Kate Bush again, and to hear a record that sounds so organic and grounded.
	Even without the quirky, theatrical pop she offered in the 1980s, she has held up beautifully after her long hiatus from recording, creating a record that is very much her own.
	'Aerial' has more than its share of static, but the highs are more than worth the lows. [12 Nov 2005, p.45]
	She balances her freakiness by matching her sublime chirp with grounded glories. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.93]
	At times Aerial feels like such a grandiloquent monument to sweetness and motherhood and baroque English chamber pop that it gets a bit queasy. [#12, p.94]
	It's great to have her back. [Feb/Mar 2006, p.100]
	This is Kate Bush's domestic album. Listen to it stoned on a Sunday afternoon.
	Far be it from me to criticize happy endings, but in musical terms, a comfortable, even-keeled existence sometimes comes out as isolated and ordinary art.
	A madly ambitious, darkly despondent and goofily exuberant grand folly of a record. [Album of the Month, Dec 2005, p.98]
	Too much of Aerial fades into a soft-focus background of soothing synthesizers, murmuring bass, and twittering birdsong.
	