Overflows with ebullient beats that are both booming and bizarre. [29 Jul 2005, p.68]
	The Juan Maclean takes the mechanized side of music, the Kraftwerk precision and automated bass, but injects it with a personal, human vision and unmet, unwanted desires.
	It's a mightily impressive achievement.
	It's a techno album, straight up. [Aug 2005, p.98]
	It's not quite the masterpiece everyone (at least me) was hoping for... but it does deliver on the hype, which in 2005 is almost the same thing.
	If the DFA medium/message commands one groove rattling under a nation, Less Than Human is evidence enough that bot-genius Maclean is just the half-man needed to bang up the plumbing so that all faucets drip lightning bolts.
	Less Than Human's only flaw is that it's too damn short.
	Less Than Human is hardly less than human; it is in fact a pretty damn good emulation of being human, right down to its faults: unpredictable behavior, complex textures, unsightly lumps and all. Which is precisely why Less Than Human is so exceptional: it's a uniquely 'realistic' take on dance music.
	Less Than Human lives up to the [DFA]’s reputation for making quality dance records, but it also explores enough outside territory so as not to feel like the next album out on the conveyor belt.
	A dance record for people who never leave their apartments, a rock record for the rave set, Less Than Human is the sound of people high on energy and sweat.
	A startling album. [Aug 2005, p.98]
	Like attending a bombastic revival of Kraftwerk, Eno and Devo presided over by a Juan Atkins and Derrick May DJ tag team. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.102]
	A record of sonic maturity and real beauty. [2 Jul 2005, p.64]
	Live drums and guitars give it a feeling of anarchic playfulness. [Aug 2005, p.101]
	Less Than Human might not be what a lot of people expected, but it fits its format as well as any hard-hitting two-track single, and it's a lot more functional than most other albums made by dance artists.
	Less Than Human is the sound of James Murphy transforming the songs of a guy who has spent a nauseating amount of time fiddling about with Kraftwerk-y synths into an album as enjoyable at home as it is on the dancefloor.
	Good, but not outstanding.
	For some, the absence of human warmth may prove the album's ultimate flaw. Still, until there are humans out there making music like this robot, we'll settle for it.
	Very New York and strongly redolent of the whole DFA/LCD sound. [Jul 2005, p.114]
	In its deceptive simplicity, Less Than Human plays like the most focused and consistent DFA-affiliated album yet.
	Both charming and danceable.
	It suffers less from a lack of competence than a general lack of inspiring tracks and the consistency of swiss cheese.
	This is a rather stronger record than [Daft Punk's] on the whole, even if it likewise suffers from flaws in execution.
	On songs like "In the Afternoon" and "Time is Running out," Maclean fails to add even a shred of feeling to his chilly IDM clones.
	