The self-titled album brings the listener into a glorious sound world of first rate noise-pop and never lets go.
	A Place to Bury Strangers may not be easy for would-be record buyers to find--it's currently limited to 500 copies and put out by, um, Killer Pimp Records--but it's worth every effort.
	The clincher is A Place to Bury Strangers' impressive final quarter: almost structured like a minituarist's 'Zen Arcade,' the nasty pyrotechnics show set off first as a statement of intent, followed by the true songs, and then takeoff is achieved in the denouement with true anthems.
	Ackermann has the musical memory, the technical sophistication, the voice, and the instinct to channel brashness and energy into a sublime wave of melodic effluent, upon which the band, and we, can surf.
	Nevertheless, for fans of searing white noise A Place To Bury Strangers will pretty much seem messianic: anyone of a slightly gentler disposition might want to run the other way.
	Ackerman's psych-mangling songs covers a riveting emotional and sonic range. [Dec 2008, p.92]
	None of this would work, of course, if there wasn't pop-rock nous at the core of this band whose opening shot is relentlessly, exhilaratingly effective. [Dec 2008, p.123]
	A Place to Bury Strangers is a record with excitement hardwired to its musical structure: the elements of these songs are so individually pleasing that, when the band shifts them against each other, the effect is a sense of constant cataclysmic upheaval. Each new variation is giddying.
	This is a staggering debut with layers of errant, mystical roars born from man’s relationship between his guitar, a chord, and a speaker.
	It's a kick in the pants debut, and here's hoping they carve their own unique sound out even more in the future.
	It's easy to see how APTBS earned mention as "New York's loudest band." They may be one of the best. [Winter 2007, p.86]
	The five new tracks added for the UK release, especially the Suicide throb of ‘Run Around’, suggest the real thrills are to come on their debut proper, but for now, this is an exciting enough introduction to a new force of darkness. Buy two, and give one to a hippy.
	They lack, for example, the ribald ugliness of Suicide, another big influence--but they deserve acclaim for sculpting the work of so many doomy forebears into something that, in their field, has rare pop purpose.
	Ackermann's pallid, gothic songs are as indistinct as figures in a snowstorm.
	