The quintet's Molotov mixture of suburb surrealism and sonic extremity is the perfect scrub for everything you've been subjected to in culture and daily life. [Apr 2003, p.73]
	The most prolific, beautiful, and vital statement of rock since the Stooges' Raw Power.
	Burn, Piano Island, Burn is an album that must first be listened to twice: once to wrap your head around its peerless vigor and skull-rattling force, and again to revel in its restless creativity.
	They sound like they're too busy tearing their limbs off and hitting one another over the head with them to think about what the songs actually mean. [Apr 2003, p.102]
	Burn, Piano Island, Burn balances so perfectly between commercial appeal and untainted creativity that it's as if the band have been digitally inserted atop a mountain no man could conceivably climb.
	There are no punk-lite hits here, but cult stardom is knocking at the door. [Mar 2003, p.112]
	I have to admit that this release usually manages to give me a little boost when I listen to it and it has the added bonus of scaring little kids.
	Whether you end up liking this album or not, it is going to be one of the most intense things you've ever heard.
	It's the band's most vital disc to date, and one of the year's most memorable listening experiences.
	The Blood Brothers' take on hardcore incorporates all the shouty vocals, savage guitar riffing, and hyperspeed drumming you could ask for, but throws in two--sometimes counterproductive--vocalists, and loopy lyrics that aim for surrealist poetry and usually miss, badly. [11 Apr 2003, p.78]
	The album's clever turns don't take away from The Blood Brothers as a ravaging hardcore band; instead, they enlist chops in service of a manic vision all the more insinuating for its brutality.
	In one instant, lead singer Jordan Blilie is whispering passionately in your ear. In the next, he tears into your insides with growls so piercing you'd think he'd transformed into a savage beast.
	Kids looking to anger their parents to the point of losing it should pick up this CD, turn up the stereo, and lock the door.
	It all seems spazzy, but it's actually meticulous and crisply rendered: order through chaos.
	Less cohesively engaging than March on Electric Children, Burn, Piano Island, Burn is, by turns, spasmodically inviting and gratingly repulsive to all but the most patient of noisemongers.
	The Blood Brothers pretty much have one speed: murder. This will tire even the most patient ears after about fifteen minutes, although, the album does show signs of expanded musical breadth with slower, albeit, brief melodic interludes and unconventional instrumentation (xylophones, toy pianos).
	