The duo wisely experiments with a wider variety of moods and melodies.
	With its soaring guitars and crashing drums, Tweekend sounds more like a rock album than an electronic album. [Aug 2001, p.77]
	It's still the group's own thumping concoctions--"Ready for Action" and "Blowout," for instance--that ring the loudest.
	It's not a bad record, by any stretch.... but The Crystal Method are still falling shy of the bar set by the Fatboy Slims and the Chemical Brothers of the world.
	A meticulous, flashy electronic-rock opus that doesn't come close to meeting its rock-star aspirations. [Sep 2001, p.76]
	Nice if one wants to hear gummier variations on the first disc's ''Busy Child,'' but not so interesting if one expected something fresh after such a long time.
	Tweekend lacks the immediacy of Vegas, but it works better the further it strays from Ecstasy-fueled breakbeats and squawking electro-hooks. Unfortunately, it doesn't stray too far. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.122]
	Scott Kirkland and Ken Jordan have dumbed down their sound even more - and their music is all the better for it.
	Tweekend certainly isn't mind-blowing or revolutionary, but it's abundantly clear that the Crystal Method has found its sound: the hard rock and hip-hop influences that inflected Vegas move to the forefront, and the tempo comes down a few notches, thus emphasizing thunderous bass and hardcore head-bobbing.
	A bit relentless at times, but Chemical Brothers fans should give it a spin.
	No one who bought Vegas will be disappointed by Tweekend, unless they're looking for some statement of artist growth. That's the only area where this album falters. It is otherwise a solid collection of thundering Big Beat grooves.
	Tweekend isn't a giant leap forward for the Crystal Method, but it certainly doesn't keep them trapped in the past.
	Guest shots from rock stars like Tom Morello and Scott Weiland can't make up for a sorry lack of head-banging hooks... [Sep 2001, p.163]
	It seems like an act of uninspired repetition.
	It's Vegas redux.
	