These are all-American songs of devastation and alienation; they’re also loads of fun and damn hilarious much of the time.
	As a State of the Union address, this bold and often brilliant record is less inclined towards optimism than, say, Springsteen’s admirable "Working On A Dream."
	The fourth album from these purveyors of Band-evoking Americana is as folksy and honed as a tale by Mark Twain, from whom the Felices borrowed the title.
	The band does not so much make this record as keep it from flying apart. The intoxicating sound is matched with incisive word play, with the Felices using quirky laments and dark, urban poetry to bridge hillbilly and hipster.
	On Yonder Is the Clock, the Felice Brothers loosen up, making room for absurdity as well as the travails they sing about.
	Yonder Is the Clock is the band's most nuanced effort to date, an effortless piece of Catskills folk and narrative know-how that shows just how far a band can grow in one year's time.
	As it stands, it’s an emphatically rich and addictive work. It does sound a whole lot like Dylan, yes. But it’s a whole lot of excellent itself, thanks very much.
	From rowdy juke-joint jams to sunblushed cornfield ballads, these songs born of tough times. The latter provides the album's stand-out moments. [Jul 2009, p.100]
	They’ve placed everything that’s superb about them and have delivered it ten-fold with Yonder is the Clock.
	It’s all danger and gangsters and loving the ladies when there’s a spare minute. Meanwhile, amidst the hootin’ and hollerin’, the soul will be sated, and saved.
	The trembling 'All When We Were Young' is less convincing, and 'Memphis Flu' falls apart in drunken frenzy before it even starts, but across 13 songs, Yonder Is the Clock proves timeless.
	Playing songs about cops on the take and dying in Penn Station with a hurtling forward motion that prevents the music from sounding (entirely) like a book report. Killer accordion solos, too.
	They have maintained their passion at its most rollicking, but the huanting 'Cooperstown' shows the band at the peak of their powers. [Spring 2009, p.78]
	A record so concerned with repeating the strengths of an album past that it forgets to chart its own path.
	