Overall, If Not Now, When? is the sound of Incubus coming of age. It's not particularly experimental nor is it completely straightforward but it is concise and a risk that's paid off.
	It's a worthwhile reinvention, but a little more noise wouldn't have hurt, either.
	The end result is an album on a shaded, comfortable grayscale, music that's suitably mature yet sidesteps stultifying notions of middlebrow class.
	Stabbing steadily at the status quo, these songs are a matured balance between art and pop.
	To say this album is a complete miss would be unfair. In reality, it's a great band reaching for a completely different horizon, all with hints of their previous selves.
	As a temporary deviation from Incubus's core sound, If Not Now, When? is satisfactory.
	On the band's seventh studio album, Incubus fully embrace surf-bum balladry.
	Incubus retain some of their early, macabre nerdiness (the harmony-bedecked "Tomorrow's Food" reminds us of our dirt-bound mortality), but, for all the energy, the melodies fail to ignite.
	If Not Now, When? is frustrating in many ways, chiefly because it feels like a step in the wrong direction for a band that can still pen enthralling tunes.
	They're no longer teetering on the edge anymore; with this record, Boyd and Co. just fell hard.
	This is an album aimed at minivan-driving moms who saw Incubus live a decade ago, but the boneheaded lyrical cliches and nap-inducing arrangements are likely to bore even them. [Aug 2011, p.114]
	After half a decade away, If Not Now, When? really does feel like a misstep. Hopefully a little creative control can be wrestled away from Boyd in the future, otherwise a much under-rated band really could be lost forever.
	If Not Now, When? is the work of a group who in their attempts to sound all grown-up come across as being worn-down and played out. [16 Jul 2011, p.50]
	The 2011 incarnation of Incubus is a depressingly dull and sterile proposition and, really, we wouldn't wish these bland wet blanket anthems on anyone.
	It seems as though the band has completely forgotten to keep up with music in the years they've been off, instead producing some of the most banal songs by any rock band in recent memory.
	