A thrilling listen. [Dec 2003, p.140]
	No one else is making literate, story-based pop this good.
	It's as though The Decemberists have been able to somehow summon that mystical muse that allows for all of the wonder of the musical world to open. [#5, p.100]
	On [Her Majesty...], the whimsy and multicolored narrative threads that represented the best of the Decemberists' terrific first album are given room to breathe. [#60, p.96]
	Meloy's words stir your insides like good poetry, his imaginative tales climb into your mind, set up camp and stay awhile. But without the enchanting, heart-wrenching and totally affecting power that is the consequence of The Decemberists' music, the words would not have ever found life.
	A glorious triumph.... The Decemberists deserve to become your new favourite band.
	Her Majesty rewards repeated listenings, ultimately revealing itself to be a deeper, subtler work than Castaways.
	Colin Meloy's songwriting makes them one of the strongest bands working today.
	Underneath the surface of these grand productions lies hidden undercurrents of malice, disgust and social commentary- all things that would seem to be at odds with a beautifully constructed pop song.
	Clever without being pretentious.
	The Decemberists are stuck in the past while innovating with an eye on the future.
	This all may sound ostentatious or showy, but it isn't: Her Majesty aims high and hits a difficult mark, delivering glorious, sometimes fantastic tales without ever getting boorish.
	Her Majesty the Decemberists is distinctive, where the good parts are so good that it's easy to overlook the not-so-good.
	Even though Her Majesty isn't quite as striking and full-formed as Castaways and Cutouts, it's still a consistently charming album that finds the band coming into its own.
	Appealing and slyly catchy.
	The band's newfound willingness to experiment leads to overkill.
	Songs, without exception, are well crafted but more often than not collapse into cloying jauntiness. [Dec 2004, p.153]
	Staggers under the unbearable preciousness of donkey-voiced singer Colin Meloy. [Sep 2003, p.122]
	