This is not a bunch of old blokes looking to recapture their youth; rather, Grinderman sounds like a freshly hewn and rudely vigorous chunk of leftfield rock.
	There isn't a bad song on this album.
	This being Cave, classy lyrical dexterity is never far away. But here the fire and brimstone preacher is a little less po-faced than much of his back catalogue, allowing humour (still black as coal) to gain the upper hand.
	An album more raw than an infected, 10-day-old open head wound. [Apr 2007, p.102]
	11 tracks that scorch the earth lesser bands traipse on. [May 2007, p.150]
	It’s mostly top-flight crudity, though admittedly the album’s intensity wanes over its second half.
	This is some of the singer's rawest music since he fronted the Birthday Party. [13 Apr 2007, p.72]
	Grinderman might actually be Cave’s sappy hopeless romantic testament. That he accomplishes it without orchestral arrangements and mopey strings is truly impressive.
	This is mostly a brutal-sounding, and often brutally funny, record full of odd surprises.
	[A] witty, wild and impressive return to his past.
	Ultimately, Grinderman is just a way for Cave to release more music.
	There’s a rawness to this record that most new bands – sorry, most bands made up of new musicians – would do well to soak up.
	The Grinderman hat seems to have tilted the basic Bad Seeds stance brilliantly on its side, bringing out a new humour and a grumpy-old-rocker gravitas. [Apr 2007, p.102]
	Arguably [Cave's] most convincing collection of boisterousness and drama since 1994’s Let Love In.
	There's a sense of going too far, of antic hilarity tipping into something more revealing. [Apr 2007, p.104]
	The result is one of Cave's hardest-rocking records, but also one of his funniest. [Apr 2007, p.86]
	Once our boy Nick begins his bellicose bellowing, there's no mistaking Grinderman's amped-up scorch for anything but another of Cave's darkly humorous creations of magnificent malevolence. Long may he howl and snort.
	It sounds terrific, in a turbulent fashion. [9 Apr 2007]
	While the sound of pure snarl and glee is what melts the speaker cabinets the most, the overdriven menace of most these songs doesn't undermine their worth as songs.
	Cave comes on strong and rejuvenated.
	The album is loud, visceral, and messily human, and should be regarded as an essential chapter in Cave's considerable discography.
	A riot of black humor, sex mania and mean-eyed, chaotic rock.
	Grinderman is in no way a conventional comedy album, but an accomplished cocksman like Nick Cave howling the "No Pussy Blues" is pretty damn funny anytime.
	Grinderman may be intended as a somewhat goofy reassertion of punk vigor and virility, but the disc is no laughing matter.
	Review #1 (score=80): Grinderman makes a freer, looser racket than the Bad Seeds, and at times sound like their hairier, rougher alter-ego.; 
Review #2 (score=70): Grinderman is fresh and invigorating, possibly Nick Cave’s funniest, and unusually for a side project, one of his least self-indulgent.
	A thorough reminder of what's majestic, funny, bizarre, and poetic about Cave.
	'Grinderman' is an almost defiantly edgy record.
	You sense that once this entertaining diversion is done, it will be back to the real business. [Apr 2007, p.112]
	Grinderman is as refreshing, bracing and absurd as the Birthday Party were when they blew onto the scene with their Old Testament zeal.
	It may not pick up many new fans or even appeal to those beyond Cave's core audience, but these guys sound like they're having too much fun to care. [14 Apr 2007]
	Grinderman is easily the sexiest thing he’s done in the past decade. [#17, p.85]
	While Grinderman's rough-and-tumble democracy makes for an exciting, illicit affair, it's only that: a gorgeous bit of rough trade to scratch that seven-year itch. [May 2007, p.62]
	Grinderman isn’t angry and it isn’t raw, just a careful concoction of licentiousness and braying disdain ultimately monotonous and unexciting after the first four cuts.
	