Something's happening wherever you turn on tracks that are dense with detail and brilliant accumulations of incident, but never overwrought or too busy, sheer grace their common link. [Sep 2011, p.80]
	Slave Ambient doesn't recall the past so much as a bright, unexpected future, where bands like this inexplicably are still dreaming in new, refreshingly outsized ways.
	Whilst it may lack the game-changing originality of other big 2011 releases, the record spans half a century of musical history more effectively than any other in recent memory.
	Once again, The War on Drugs have crafted an album of the year, built not upon flash or novelty, but a new take on traditional rock and roll that is always pushing forward.
	Slave Ambient is an amazing record, but it is far from immediate as these songs take time to develop into something tangible.
	Slave Ambient is the work of a band making us listen for every piece of them.
	Hopefully Slave Ambient will do for The War On Drugs what Smoke Ring For My Halo did for Kurt Vile and place Adam Granduciel as one of the musicians with serious talent and songwriting acumen in modern indie rock.
	The really amazing thing about the album is how anthemic and affirming it feels despite the near total absence of proper sing-along choruses.
	Slave Ambient makes a triumph of the unlikely premise that US heartland rock and Krautrock would mix like old friends.... A wonderful record.
	Crafted with a strong presence in realizing the sequencing and tracking through it all, it unquestionably rewards with repeated listens.
	While it's a rippin' windows-down Boss tune, the ragged production and especially the 30 second fadeout sound incongruent with the rest of the album's humming undertones. Despite that, the album still rides like a dream along the freeway and blazes forward on its own path more than it follows in the footsteps of the others.
	A striking mix of rock and electronics on Philadelphia group's second record. [Sept. 2011, p. 94]
	Although these judgments point toward Slave Ambient being among the top records the summer of 2011 has to offer, the record's off-axis dichotomy, now favoring studio-assembled mellowness, steals enough of the bite and traction from these songs to keep it merely a contender.
	Slave Ambient is a well-crafted and euphoric album, but somehow it doesn't have much that sticks out.
	Slave Ambient continues themes of wanderlust and searching that were all over the other records, but as Granduciel sings of friends gone, of calling loved ones home, of trying to find his place in the world changing around him, the music behind him seems to be searching too.
	It's classic Americana rock at its best, combining musical echoes of Springsteen and Dylan but crafted with a poet's eye for detail. Dreamy, infectious, and full of hope. A powerful antidote to all those who say the best days of American classic rock are well over.
	This fully delivers on the potential that 2008's Wagonwheel Blues hinted at, a swath of nostalgia in a storm of mind-bending audio. This is boss-gaze, and-sorry, old dudes and purity chasers-it's stupendous.
	Vile may get all the end-of-year glory, but his comrade's first full-length effort is just as laudable and commendable.
	Similar to its other releases, the band masters even the several lyric-less shorter tracks serving as musical intermissions scattered sporadically throughout.
	While the record might have benefited from some more discrimination on the cutting room floor, it's still a focused, complete record and a pleasurable listen.
	If the basic balance remains unchanged, the result has been a sound just enough of the War on Drugs' own as a result, which gets stronger and even more droned out and powerful as the album continues.
	More often than not, Slave Ambient offers a sound that's equally familiar and new, simultaneously meeting expectations and evading them. It's an album whose immediate accessibility cloaks a deeper, subtler series of rewards.
	It's a rock album that mixes 30-year-old influences with the deep, hazy production of indie synth-poppers like M83.
	Thanks to a couple of moments where they give in to the anthemic impulses, the rest of Slave... can afford to drift along at its own singular pace, with rewarding results.
	There are so many distinct yet intertwined influences peppered throughout Slave Ambient it would be remarkably easy to lose the thread altogether. Yet somewhere in the haze it all just kind of… fits.
	Slave Ambient as a whole may be more confused than your average reality show star at a Mensa meeting, but it's full of decent songs with a lot of heart.
	Slave Ambient feels like a more back-alley Byrds filtered through a gauzier Spacemen 3 lens.
	Comfortably normal, the War on Drugs make for a nice tonic to the sometimes overly weird attitudes of modern indie-psych bands.
	He sounds like Bob Dylan or Tom Petty when he sings – laconic, nasal, matter of fact – but his songs thrum and drone and hum like, well, loose ambient rock.
	It's easy to get lost in the pleasant, euphoric drone, but at 47 minutes the album is more of a marathon than a sprint.
	With a little more time to perfect their style, the War on Drugs would be well-positioned to win converts for both camps, and also their own.
	