Life Is Good is arguably Nas's best album since Stillmatic.
	On his new album, Life Is Good, we're hearing the most locked-in Nas has been in years, and the results are awe-inspiring.
	Life Is Good leaves Nas in his comfort zone, where the vital music of his youth proves a rousing platform for commenting on matters of middle age.
	An album of incredible songs.
	Nas once again reminds us that as long as he's got one mic, lifee--and hip-hop--are beyond good. [#254, p.87]
	What makes Life Is Good stand out is what also made his celebrated debut, Illmatic, so compelling. There's a sense of narrative unity here, a wide-angle look of the artist as a grown man.
	Apart from these misgivings [middle-core sequencing issues and "Nasty" not making the grade], it must be said that Nas has truly delivered.
	On Life Is Good, he's lyrically and musically rich as he's been for years now.
	Life is Good the most exciting Nas album to come around since It Was Written.
	You can't recapture lightning in a bottle, or age backwards, but you can settle gracefully into strengths. Nas isn't back; he's just here.
	Despite a couple of missteps (particularly "Summer on Smash" and "You Wouldn't Understand"), Life Is Good stands as Nas' best album in years, and one of the best hip-hop releases of 2012.
	To pretend that Life is Good is flawless would be misleading, but it's a thoroughly enjoyable return to form.
	This is Nas' strongest album in 18 years and three months--yes, since his debut album Illmatic.
	The complete package displays an obvious maturation from the veteran that is effectively in tune with a focus many have considered missing for some time.
	It's a solid album anchored by The Don, his best single since 2003's Made You Look and so raucous it belongs in raves and on runways.
	Life Is Good, finds him humbled and reflective after his high-profile divorce from Kelis. This doesn't diminish his impact, as these songs mix anger, nostalgia, and insight.
	Life is Good is a well-crafted entry from a seasoned veteran that displays his vitality and vintage flow 20-plus years into his career in a genre where many MCs don't age gracefully.
	The man is just on fire throughout the album.
	Here, he exorcises the turmoil with a focused set of sustained brilliance.
	[Life is Good] proves once again that Nas is one of the smartest and most skilled players in the game.
	Nas doing exactly what he does best.
	Maturity suits the ever-articulate rapper, and his recollections of his early years as a Queensbridge hustler... have added resonance here.
	While his lyrics may not make complete sense and can be hypocritical at times, Nas is on top of his game with Life Is Good.
	The self-awareness of this conflict makes Life Is Good a more compelling listen than Nas has delivered in a while.
	[Nas] shreds any doubts about his MC prowess.
	At times, Life is Good is Nas' most satisfying album since God's Son, and at times it is just as flawed as its predecessors.
	If the game needed Illmatic, this is the one Nas needed to get out of his system, acting as a clearing house for all venom and bile, plus some gloss that doesn't fit but needed to go as well.
	Too many tracks here recount his salad days in the era "before Air Jordans."
	Along with the anger and regret comes the usual hip-hop baggage of aggrandisement, recrimination and old-school reminiscence.
	So Life Is Good becomes the latest Nas album that doesn't quite do what it could. While Nas is rapping as best as he can here, the album as a whole is decent but too inconsistent to be anything more.
	