the expectancy of being universally tipped for greatness may yet sink her, but she's delivered here. [Mar 2011, p.109]
	If Kate Bush backed by MGMT appeals, Maguire's your woman. [Apr 2011, p.105]
	Her Lennox-meets-Tyler, or Welch-meets-Tunstall lungs boom out across a Heart FM-friendly pop-rock sound which sometimes attains a sweeping Stevie Nicks drama but often merely reaches Dido level.
	A flat-out belter of the Adele/Florence school, surrounded variously by daft orchestral sturm-und-drang and flimsy ProTools disco/house. Better may come.
	The rest of the 13 track album sounds like a mix of Latvian Eurovision Song Contest entries and The X-Factor winners' songs; an unmistakable, cringey 'life affirming' theme runs throughout, with the obligatory twinkling electro loops.
	If you can manage to put such quibbles aside--and it will be a struggle--Light After Dark has some redeeming features.
	The production--by chart-grabbing Fraser T Smith (James Morrison, Taio Cruz, Cee-Lo)--can only bring so much depth or variety to unadventurous songs which are bellowed and wailed with all the subtlety of Florence Welch giving birth to a rhino.
	Sadly, though, Ain't Nobody's by miles the most interesting four minutes on Light After Dark, which suggests Maguire is another startling talent whose every point of interest has been sandblasted off between being signed and getting her album out.
	It's a cartoon of emotion: even when whispering, there's a stage intimacy about her delivery; and at full blast, she has the emotive subtlety of a foghorn, though that may be to surmount the barrage of thundering tom-toms and pounding pianos with which she's been saddled.
	Because Light After Dark tries so hard to keep up with the tricks of the trade in 2011, it loses any sense of originality that Maguire brings to the table, which, especially in the pop music scene, is the only way to stand out.
	A voice like Maguire's deserves infinitely better than the calculated dross on display here.
	For now, though, she's no better than one of Cowell's ventriloquist dummies.
	