From backmasking to know-it-all moralists, Arabia Mountain is sprinkled with themes of human folly, aging, change, and corruption, enacted with humorous efficiency, delivered with instrumental-new word-subtlety, all to show, unsurprisingly, that the Black Lips differ greatly with the PTA over the corrupting agents of everyday life and their antidotes.
	The nine tracks Ronson produced on Arabia Mountain (Deerhunter's Lockett Pundt helmed two; Black Lips produced five) show he's equally adept at plundering the garage, psych and punk treasure troves.
	It's Ronson's dash of throwback style topped with the band's signature wild-child tendencies that make this album an impeccable partnership. It's so perfect of a fit, in fact, that Arabia Mountain not only emerges as the Lips' best-sounding record, but arguably their finest album to date.
	Awash in trippy reverb and surf-rock riffs, Arabia Mountain is further proof that the Lips have matured.
	Arabia Mountain is energetic, fun, loose, and immediate. Everything the Black Lips should be.
	Wild abandon never sounded so inviting. [Aug. 2011, p. 104]
	Their sixth sees Mark Ronson step in as producer on all but two tracks, and although he;s resisted the temptation to slather on Stax horns and apply his slick finish, he's given this tough, roughly energetic band focus and finesse. [Aug 2011, p.79]
	Black Lips puts on a hell of a show on Arabia Mountain, and it doesn't even need riots and stage diving to keep you interested.
	The disc is a blueprint of how to polish without compromise.
	The timing for a change was right, too, as their 2009 record 200 Million Thousand wasn't one of their best, it was OK but seemed a little forced and uninspired. Arabia Mountain is the absolute opposite and could be their best album yet.
	While like-minded bands fumble around with weighty concepts and overlong arrangements, the Black Lips remain purveyors of instant, unpretentious gratification.
	Mountain finds the band taking several huge leaps toward that end, resulting in a more cohesive picture of their sound and a band beating down a clear path for where they'd like to take their music.
	Ultimately, the accord reached between Mark Ronson and the quartet is that there's nothing wrong with the Black Lips formula; merely that their exuberance sometimes needs a calming hand on the shoulder. [July 2011, p. 115]
	Though by no means a disaster, they needed to hit back, and Arabia Mountain doesn't disappoint.
	Ronson reins in the raucousness without curbing the catharsis--on 16 tracks that blast newly crisp but equally irreverent.
	Arabia Mountain may be poised to push this band further over-ground, but they're not going up without a fight.
	Consistent, yes, but also vaguely disappointing, the band may be at the peak of their powers but it's almost a shame to see all the mystery drained away.
	The band either demonstrates a glorious and steadfast refusal to grow up, or become possessed by yelps that no amount of Auto-Tune could ever fix.
	They haven't changed their sound much, but more of the same is hardly a problem when it's this enjoyable.
	Black Lips may be leaving behind a certain amount of dirt and grime with Arabia Mountain, but are gloriously able to pull off their punky hi-jinks with aplomb. [May 2011, p.76]
	In the hands of dapper producer Mark Ronson, the glibly sloppy, lo-fi brats are almost sculpted into garage-punk sophistication, adding extended psychedelic guitar lines, fleshed-out percussion, even retro-soul sax.
	Production is loud and punchy and even the quiet bits aren't quiet, which makes all sixteen tracks in one sitting a bit like hard work.
	There are some great garage rock tunes, but too much filler to make for a great album. Maybe they should have trimmed a few of the 16 songs for a shorter but stronger work.
	There are four near-perfect EPs here, but it's a haul to listen to in one sitting. That's the insoluble conundrum of garage rock: the most perpetually exciting sound in rock easily outstays its welcome.
	The Lips' catalog is exhaustingly long, but Arabia Mountain is a fine reassertion that its talents extend far beyond running from venue security.
	