Banga feels like both a return to form and a renewal.
	Banga is a song cycle that expresses a synthesis of all of her strengths to form one of her strongest albums.
	Banga serves as a glorious refresher on Smith's talent as musician while also upholding her reputation as a writer.
	Banga is both a return to form and her best album in many years.
	Banga finds the artist more robust than ever-ageless, even.
	By the time Banga gets to its album-closing song Smith has delivered nearly an hour of those kinds of songs [meditations on creativity, immediacy, and centuries of human endeavor.]
	A great part of the pleasure of Banga is revelling in the medium conveying the message. For the most part, the album is a smooth listen, its revelation couch within relaxed AOR-ish arrangements. [Jul 2012, p.64]
	Smith leads one of the best and sturdiest bands in rock... and their intricately scored psychedelia is a running high in Mosaic, the title stomp, with its yowling-wolf lick and Nine, an extended beguiling jam that suggests Smith fronting her own Doors. [Jul 2012, p.89]
	[Banga] may be the songstress's most ambitious statement yet.
	Banga itself doesn't exactly break many rules, but it does find Smith rejuvenated, discovering new wisdom in old myths and icons, and in her missives to the young, a renewed sense of purpose.
	Patti Smith's latest album, her best in a while, is held together by a spine of pieces themed around exploration.
	Patti Smith builds upon her already impressive career for one of her finest, least commercial but most enticing and entrancing albums.
	It finds Smith sounding utterly rejuvenated, with a heady idealism imbuing her finest record in more than two decades.
	Patti Smith's voice is clear and powerful, an embodiment of her singularity as a poet and musician.
	Of the most recent phases of Patti Smith's musical output (always surprising since 1996's Kurt Cobain tribute 'Gone Again'), Banga is by far the most successful.
	Banga is an event; it's not only provocative and expansive lyrically, but abundantly enjoyable musically.
	Banga is the 65-year-old's 11th album, one of the most satisfying of her latterday career.
	[Banga] is a classic Patti Smith album in that it mixes pop panache with punk sensibilities and poetic ruminations.
	At her best, and across much of Banga, Patti Smith still dramatises the distance between South Jersey and the San Francisco basilica, the street tussle between the poet and the factory girl, the devotion of the mongrels of faith for the betrayers of salvation. [Jul 2012, p.78]
	Banga is the best Patti Smith album since Horses. No one else makes rock records as rich, poetic and sexy as this.
	There's not much on proto-punk legend Patti Smith's 11th album, Banga, that would have sounded out of place back when she first started blowing minds in the 1970s.
	She has never sung better.
	For the rest of her 11th studio album she makes good on her word, drawing connections across history between cultures, generations and genres of music.
	Though neither a high point nor a low point in her freewheeling, four-decade career, Banga has the same charm of Smith's best albums: It flits with the impressionistic fascinations of a single mind.
	At 65 [Smith] presents herself unburdened by age. She identifies on this album with voyagers, adventurers and her fellow artists; she's still determined to explore.
	Banga doesn't just preserve a petrified version of Patti Smith circa Horses; rather, it's fresh and innovative, albeit disjointed.
	A bit of musical beauty, some interesting lyricism and a pinch of hippy bollocks--still distinctly Patti Smith.
	[The album] has sweet moments of song. But Banga's real magic happens when the words start flying off the grooves.
	A low-light delight. [Jul 2012, p.110]
	If only her music might just occasionally match the freeform, flighty, extravagant nature of her words.
	