Like no other pop album you've ever heard.
	There's a lot of the year to go still, but this one's going to be hard to beat.
	This record explodes with song after song of endlessly replayable, perfect pop.
	"People" boasts an uncommon beauty and originality, brimming with tunes that glimmer with pure magic.
	Highly recommended.
	Although listeners who found the first Broken Social Scene release a nice ambient pop treat may be put off by this one's all-over-the-map approach, it's certainly a much more accessible release overall and there's bound to be something in here that you'll enjoy.
	A leftfield classic. [Oct 2003, p.100]
	You really don't know what you're dealing with until you sit down and take in the freewheeling beauty of one of the year's best.
	You Forgot It In People is a tremendously accomplished album, magnificently achieving its goal of creating bonafide pop music and doing so with admirable style.
	Optimistic, ambient indie rock that floats between the bubble bath and the deep blue sea. [Sep 2003, p.115]
	The commitment to iconoclastic expressiveness, which includes belting out some fairly raunchy lyrics, leads to dead ends, but Broken Social Scene never blows it altogether, because it holds onto its hooks to get out of tough corners.
	Even though it starts to coast a bit near the end, You Forgot It in People is still a highly enjoyable, effervescent, endlessly inventive album that crosses genres with astonishing ease.
	Simultaneously complex and unassuming, You Forgot It In People has punch that will stimulate even the cagiest listener, curious quirks and all.
	The most shocking aspect about You Forgot It in People is just how easily everything seems to be accomplished. Every note and transition is smooth and effortless, and there is such a wealth of brilliantly executed music.
	This is good, solid pop music, engaging the head, the gut and that annoying voice you sing along in when you think no one's listening.
	A mixed bag of hit-or-miss pop-oriented tunes.
	After such a wonderful introduction, however, the rest of the album devolves into a strictly hit or miss affair.
	While all this sounds real pretty and is a pitch-perfect soundtrack for your hip cosmopolitan engagements, You Forgot doesn't have enough stick-to-your-gut songs to sustain a long-term, repeated-listening relationship. [#60, p.93]
	