A breathtaking 35 minutes. [12 Nov 2004, p.122]
	She’s in perfect form.
	It's not a Case overview, but a standalone country-rock classic.
	The collection is over too soon, but not without a perfect conclusion. [#14, p.103]
	Tigers cannot compete with an actual Case show, of course, and after Blacklisted we don't really need to be reminded of her talent, but, hell, why not?
	A short but vibrant live album... Tigers captures the boisterous good cheer of Case's live show, proving once and for all that there's more to her music than dead bodies, wounded relationships and creepy, palpable stillness.
	The only problem with this crackling sampler is that it clocks in at just 34 minutes.
	One of Americana's most exquisite singers. [Dec 2004, p.114]
	The whole thing is over before you know it packing a punch as sweet and warm as a shot of whiskey. [Jan 2005, p.108]
	A gig of the year, no question. You should have been there. Now you can be. [Dec 2004, p.150]
	If it's a relatively minor effort, it still sounds like the work of a major artist, and there's lots of pleasure to be found in it.
	Its warm, welcoming feel, not to mention the stellar performances provided by everyone involved, makes this the rarest of live albums, a record that is able to stand on its own, right alongside her previous work.
	It's a crackling, concise collection.
	Neko possesses one of the most terrifically powerful voices in music today.
	About as good as a live album can get.
	Case is a singer first and a songwriter second, and The Tigers Have Spoken is afflicted with the same malady as Blacklisted: Many of its songs are too short, clocking in under two minutes.
	In the end, like her hero Loretta Lynn, she's the good girl who done got complex. [Dec 2004, p.123]
	[Case] settles into a relaxed dive-bar groove. [Nov 2004, p.130]
	With Tigers clocking in at a brisk 35 minutes, she definitely leaves you hungry for more.
	While all the songs are nicely performed and recorded, they simply don't capture the amazing qualities of Case and her band.
	The album does a good job of making the listener feel like an intimate part of her show. [#8, p.109]
	She selects songs that are somehow special, and presents them with great playing and singing, in a way that clearly means something to her. My bet is that they'll mean something to you, too.
	It never sounds like much more than a bar band playing songs for friends.
	