["A Little Bit Of Everything"] is a thoughtful, mature conclusion to an album that seems to summarise one of the more welcoming trends in American rock
	It's doing more with less, on a level that simply demands attention. That, ladies and gentlemen, just might make Dawes something you'll pass on to your children.
	Tay Strathairn's work on the keys shines on just about every song; Wylie Gelber maybe one of the most tasteful bassists ever, and Griffin Goldsmith's percussion is rock steady and incredibly impressive, especially considering his young age. But it is the sum of all these parts that makes Nothing is Wrong something truly special.
	With Nothing Is Wrong, Dawes comes far, and appears to be only getting started.
	It's as close to a perfect Americana album as there's been this year--fans of the California sound from CS&N to the Jayhawks will find much to love.
	Nothing US wrong reminds you of early Jackson Browne or Jimmy Webb, albeit with a tougher, rootsier swagger. And it's a worthy addition to that fine Californian bloodline. [Sep 2011, p.94]
	Nothing is Wrong is a terrific follow-up for a band that delivers beautiful, powerful music straight from their own hearts and right to yours.  Believe.
	You may not love it, but you'll probably like it, and that's enough.
	Nothing Is Wrong sees the band not only avoiding the often-discussed sophomore slump, and rising to the challenge and delivering a far more accomplished record than their first; one that should make the band into one of the biggest and most respected in the current americana/folk rock community.
	Those looking to rock out won't find many headbanging opportunities here, but Nothing Is Wrong works well as driving music, particularly if the scenery outside your windshield matches the sepia-toned music.
	Dawes's second album succeeds on its own terms, and will appeal to fans of solid roots-rock songwriting.
	Though restlessness is the dominant lyrical theme here, Nothing Is Wrong sounds familiar and comforting (see the airy, aching "Fire Away," featuring Jackson Browne)
	Taylor's current side project, Middle Brother, shows his wilder, less studied side; this tuneful but sometimes bland set could use more of that.
	Nothing Is Wrong would have been a better record had that time been spent eking the emotion out of their own lives, rather than their record collections.
	