After uniting with Kings of Leon/Modest Mouse vet Jacquire King, the band has emerged with a set that's more inviting than its first but just as catchy.
	On Mine Is Yours they take flight at last: the distinctive Willett is excellent throughout and the songs almost all snap and bite. [Feb. 2011, p. 114]
	Nathan Willett digs deep into fractured relationships for inspiration and the resultant openness, coupled with King's deft nurturing of Willett's soul-searching, has created the finest Cold War Kids album yet.
	On Mine Is Yours, everything is bigger. King's reverb-tinged production puts the focus on the band's surprisingly tender melodies and slow-burn rock arrangements; the result is 11 melodic, economical tracks that deliver huge hooks without sacrificing instrumental dexterity.
	There's a give and take at work on Mine Is Yours, one that fans of their earlier work will either love or hate.
	Unlike Robbers and Cowards and Loyalty to Loyalty, the Kids have taken a completely different angle on their music writing, taking a similar road to that of Arcade Fire's The Suburbs by adding a slice of pop to their sound.
	Longtime fans are apt to be disappointed by the change in direction, which for sure renders the band less unique.
	For better or worse, this album is polished and mature -- words that never would have described Cold War Kids' music before.
	Former soul-punks return with rough edges removed and hearts on sleeves. [Feb. 2011, p. 99]
	Mine Is Yours is the sound of a band itching to make their breakthrough. [Feb 2011, p.81]
	The lack of thematic diversity strikes another blow. Certainly, songs about being unhappy with relationships are nothing unusual. However, the ability to write anything meaningful or refreshing about the subject is quickly exhausted on Mine Is Yours.
	Mine Is Yours occupies an unremarkable middle ground somewhere between their bluesy, abrasive tendencies and the kind of staidly proficient indie-rock that surely wasn't part of the plan to begin with.
	A couple of songs succeed on their own terms, like "Finally Begin"--destined for a rom-com trailer--but most float unmemorably down the highway of not-quite-modern rock.
	On their third album, the Cali quartet swing for the fences - it's as if CWK, once a sharp band with retro leanings, have been gorging on Springsteen and Kings of Leon.
	Willett pledges his love in the face of obstacles in the same way that the guitars get loud in a Nickelback song. It passes for emotion in the absence of anything spontaneous or unrehearsed.
	Cold War Kids seem to be aiming for something more akin to Kings of Leon, and the songs bear this out. [Year End 2010, p.69]
	Essentially, throughout the course of Mine is Yours, the band trades every characteristic that made them so charismatic for its commercial counterpart.
	Having set the bar incredibly high with their earlier work, Cold War Kids falls prey to the expectations game; beyond its forgettable mediocrity, Mine Is Yours is also a crushing disappointment.
	More streamlined than their older music, Mine Is Yours' relative simplicity allows its songs to more transparently deal with love lost and found.
	For the most part, Mine Is Yours is the bland sound of a band trading identity for ambition.
	Mine Is Yours? You can keep it, thanks.
	