Doves have delivered, with honesty and affection. All other guitar bands this year will seem like a scratchy sideshow. [Jun 2002, p.110]
	The darkest feel-good record of the year. [14 Jun 2002, p.100]
	One of the most stunning and gorgeous records of this young decade.
	Imagine 'Lost Souls' injected with Prozac and a huge dose of weird guitar noises that give you goosebumps from head to toe. That's 'The Last Broadcast'. It's one of those rare albums that makes sense first thing in the morning but you can still yell along to when your head's exploding.
	This is a dazzling and haunting disc. [Aug 2002, p.74]
	This is music designed to fill arenas - possessed of a consistent quality and vision, a head, a heart and 
soul - that simply leaves the competition trailing in its wake. An utter triumph.
	Surpassing the merits of Lost Souls, one of the best albums of 2000, is no mean feat, but to do it in such breath-taking fashion is something else, something special.
	There's not a bad spot on the album, 12 tracks that taken as a whole make up the most exhilarating UK rock album in years.
	Rich with melody and drama, even the band's experiments--like adapting King Crimson's "Moonchild" into the lush "M62 Song"--work.
	A damn good sophomore effort. [#54, p.86]
	Last Broadcast is visceral, pulsing, uplifting, widescreen but has none of the bluster that would tip its forbears into self-parody. [May 2002, p.108]
	Shows a refreshing rawness that was absent before.
	Most of these songs sound like they're taking down whole walls of your average sonic cathedral and replacing them with huge stained-glass windows with a billion pieces in a hundred thousand colours that sparkle like angel's tears when the sun hits them, like. Yes, it is a bit evangelical. It's reverent.
	The Last Broadcast is big, intelligent, irony-free music that demands an open mind -- and rewards the heart quite well. Magnificent.
	An album that's full of drama, without the tiresome excess.
	An optimistic and heartfelt album. [Aug 2002, p.165]
	The overall result lacks the ebony-hued cohesiveness and experimental flair of the debut set.
	Utterly entrancing. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.104]
	They make tremendously consoling music, in an autumnal sort of way.
	It's a deeply Manchester album: melodic yet substantial, uplifting and acceptable to football fan and student alike. [May 2002, p.109]
	