If this is the Wu-Tang of the 2010's, we need more albums like it.
	They're still chronicling gangster life, albeit a former one, but the beats are now funkier, offering a surprisingly accessible counterpoint to the cinematic, bloodthirsty narratives of star rapper Ghostface Killah. His caustic delivery propels the best tracks here.
	The beats, hooks and overall feel of these tracks is of a welcome high standard, sitting somewhere between the tried and tested aesthetics of yore and slick reinterpretation.
	The Clan sounds lean, experienced and relaxed on a recommended new collection.
	Lyrically, it's business as usual. [Oct 2011, p.105]
	While Wu's trademark kung-fu film samples can't help but sound dated some 18 years after their breathtaking debut similar charges crumble to dust against the renewed evangelism of Ghostface Killah. [Oct 2011, p.104]
	Patchy sixth efforts from hip hop innovators. [Sept. 2011, p. 111]
	Once rumored to be a true Wu-Tang Clan release, Legendary Weapons arrived as another compilation of Wu whatnot, with affiliates and second-string producers running the show as core member GZA sits things out.
	It's possible the sound of Ghostface Killah being upstaged by an unknown rapper suggests he isn't really trying. Perhaps that's the problem with Legendary Weapons, which hints at the greatness of the Wu-Tang Clan but never really achieves it: another brand extension that makes you long for the real thing.
	Even without being a completely authentic offering from the Killa Beez, Legendary Weapons is a solid listen that can hold fans over and shows the Wu's weapons remain razor sharp, leaving hope for an official LP.
	Legendary Weapons is fine enough for diehards, but doesn't reduce the general desire for an actual Wu-Tang album.
	Legendary Weapons attempts a reinvigoration by employing session band  the Revelations to muster up grooves that recall the sort of '60s soul songs that RZA once loved to sample. It's a quaint idea, but the execution is too slick to mesh with the raps, and fails to evoke the Wu's murky pall.
	Legendary Weapons' greatest asset is nearly two decades of goodwill, but at what point are you just flat-out going to admit that Ghostface has been badly coasting downhill for at least five years?
	Legendary Weapons respects the Wu-Tang ethos and legacy without doing anything to enhance it, constantly regurgitating buzz words and vintage Wu signifiers in an attempt to achieve authenticity.
	The occasional bright spot (Ghostface's blistering verse on Meteor Hammer) is always counterbalanced by a low point (Trife Diesel's middling turn on Laced Cheeba).
	