Black Cadillac is darker than its predecessor, but with melodies often more complex and lyrics more stunningly poetic than anything its creator has conjured before, the album is more transforming than depressing, and exquisitely beautiful.
	This album is extraordinary. It is brave, difficult, and honest. It is utterly moving and beautiful. Because it so successfully marries all of her strengths as a songwriter, singer, and musician, Black Cadillac may be the crowning achievement of her career thus far.
	At times, Cash nails the knife-edge of hurt and love so adeptly, you feel like you're intruding on too-personal confessions.
	The best of Cash's nuanced compositions... turns her healing process into great art. [27 Jan 2006, p.84]
	There's no over-personalising and, God Is in the Roses aside, no easy sentimentality.
	The most intense record of Cash's career. [Feb 2006, p.68]
	Cash is an expert detailer who doesn’t pander to navel gazing, and was somehow able to produce a detached, yet emotional response to her grief.
	At every turn -- high-mountain balladry, brassy R&B, near-metallic blues rock -- Rosanne sings of coming through loss with a poise and confessional will that are utterly country and absolutely in the family tradition.
	As personal as the album is, there is a universal quality to Cash's songwriting that will make listeners embrace the intimate feelings here as their own. [18 Feb 2006]
	A tear-stained, yet tasteful, requiem. [Feb 2006, p.93]
	Lyrically Black Cadillac is exquisite. Musically it's far more than a country record, expanding into those mighty rooms of roots music and pop-rock where Bob Dylan's Time Out of Mind and Lucinda Williams' Car Wheels on a Gravel Road shine and burn against their own dark palettes.
	She emerges with her genius for genre-bending intact.
	It's a lot for anyone to get their hands around, but Cash grips tightly to the aspects of loss she has been able to process, even if the enormity of that task escapes her grasp at times. [21 Jan 2006]
	Cash takes time to recapture these relationships through simple, detailed moments; at times with grief, and other times with the joy of their memory.
	Morbid, maybe, but she handles it all with dignity. [Mar 2006, p.106]
	