What makes Tamborello so special is the fact that his music can stand as comfortably in a Kompakt Records compilation as it can in a room filled with indie nerds. [#25, p.102]
	Another understated success. [#17, p.84]
	The album almost has a mix-tape esque feel to it and the staggering amount of guests has much to do with this.
	Dumb Luck isn't quite as cohesive as Dntel's debut was, but it is beautiful and carefully crafted enough to show that none of Tamborello's successes are flukes.
	Aside from... one unstructured, unwieldy track, Dumb Luck proves highly smart and skilled.
	Dumb Luck can't help but sound like a compilation, with peaks and valleys directly correlating to a taste for the vocals.
	At 40-plus minutes, Dumb Luck gets out just when the getting is good. [May 2007, p.93]
	After several listens, the album's warm, golden melodies surface, like cream rising to the top.
	Floating somewhere in between his previous release under the Dntel name and The Postal Service, Dumb Luck will likely slightly frustrate fans of each a little bit, but in other places provide some nice payoff.
	While some of the album's songs are terrifically cloying, I can't call it a disappointment; it's more a case of diminishing returns.
	Dumb Luck is likely to appeal more to the indie-rock crowd than electronica purists. [Jun 2007, p.161]
	Sadly, the only true victories on Dumb Luck are Tamborello's own title track and Oberst's "Breakfast in Bed."
	More incoherent than Dntel’s superb debut Life Is Full Of Possibilities.
	There are a handful of moments throughout Dumb Luck where Tamborello seems to forget the burden of expectations enough to overcome his natural reticence—it is somewhat unfortunate these these moments seem to come courtesy of his guests.
	Dumb Luck has [its] share of intriguing moments, on a few shining tracks.
	'Dumb Luck' will numb the pain for an hour, but you'll be buggered if you can remember anything about it afterwards.
	The beats are so incongruous and unnecessary that the only way to read the album is as a quirky novelty.
	Dumb Luck is an album that desperately tries to be spontaneous and carefree but eventually ends up sounding stunted and alienating.
	The vibe here is mellow, unremarkable, and a touch contrived. [May 2007, p.85]
	There are no great songs to speak of on Dumb Luck, and in fact there are just a few that I would hesitatingly call “good,” or more important, “memorable.”
	Everyone seems tired on this album: The songs meander, and the guest singers (including Conor Oberst) speak or moan lyrics they don't seem to care about.
	It feels like a mix-tape or compilation, an in-joke or doodle between the participants rather than a completed work for public consumption.
	