A raging, ragged Behind The Music--15 coal-black odes to the casualties that art leaves behind and that life can't avoid. [Aug 2003, p.111]
	Some of the songwriting is exceptional. [Dec 2003, p.114]
	Throughout they succeed in rendering Southern gothic as social realism.
	Somber and smart, Decoration Day also manages to kick like a mule, and if isn't quite a masterpiece along the lines of Southern Rock Opera, it's strong enough to suggest the Drive By Truckers have another masterpiece in them.
	Few bands today are as good at telling a simple, straightforward, from-the-gut story like the Drive-By Truckers are.
	An even stronger collection of songs that builds on it's predecessor's sonic foundations while refusing to get stuck in them.
	A deeply personal album that will resonate with anyone who's ever found their life's path leading them down a dead end.
	At over an hour, "Decoration Day" does feel a little unwieldy. But for better or worse, there's simply not a single song here that wouldn't be missed.
	Darker, more personal than political, Decoration Day rocks easier and rolls harder than Southern Rock Opera, but nevertheless proves beyond a doubt that the DBT engine's got enough horsepower to keep on.
	While its peaks fall just a whit short of those on its predecessor, Decoration Day's inward journeys nicely balance out Southern Rock Opera's bombastic expansiveness, and further confirm the Drive-By Truckers' status as the most poetic and insightful Southern rockers in existence today.
	The album boasts a handful of crowd-pleasing, party-starting cuts.... Yet more common are moments of startling beauty... and heavy doses of recrimination and regret.
	The best new-school Southern rock you can buy.
	There's a new sense of darkness and despair at their core. [Dec 2003, p.124]
	Sure it's a stereotype of all the things the South is. At the same time, it is a clearer-eyed view than has been offered before.
	Subtlety with Skynyrd chops. [Dec 2003, p.117]
	Not since Bruce Springsteen's Darkness On The Edge Of Town has a group of rock 'n' roll musicians been so in tune with the trappings and traps of small-town life.
	