Seemingly, emo is no longer a moody sub-culture, as one can't help but smile when a record is this brilliantly bombastic.
	Above all, Vices & Virtues is a complete package that secures Panic! At The Disco as one of the most forward thinking pop-rock acts around.
	The only thing I want to do at the end of Vices & Virtues is hear it all over again.
	The duo-especially Urie, who turns in some of the premier performances of his career-sound absolutely recharged, likely a result of the lineup shuffling, but also perhaps a realization that the '70s were a nice place to visit for a couple years, but life in the 21st century is much more fun.
	Often, the individual pieces of this patchwork pop are more captivating than the overall image, yet there's still an undeniable appeal to Urie and Smith's crazed earnest energy.
	The departure of two of its crew is noticeable, but Vices & Virtues remains a convincing, uplifting, and entertaining voyage.
	Down two members - but up one exclamation point - Panic! at the Disco return to the surging electro-emo sound that first made them Hot Topic heartthrobs on Vices & Virtues.
	Vices & Virtues combines the best and most memorable elements of Panic! at the Disco's previous two full-length releases, and the end result is their catchiest and most accessible effort to date.
	These songs are missing some of the hyper mall-rat poetry that made Panic's first two albums such daffy fun. But the arrangements are tight, even when the songs get baroque.
	The competition is tough for Emo's Most-Avowed Dramatist -- Gerard Way? Jared Leto?! -- but Panic! at the Disco singer Brendon Urie might take the golden compact.
	Vices & Virtues is quite some distance from the triumphs of that remarkable record.
	With Vice & Virtues Panic At The Disco sound like the kind of people your grandparents would like. That doesn't mean that they are people who make bad music, but it does mean that they are creators of an album that does not rock. [26 Mar 2011, p.50]
	The songs sound forced and formulaic, with Ross's tales of alcoholic parents and identity confusion replaced by more straightforward lyrics about youngish love that have the difficult task of winning back fans who are now six years older.
	Vices & Virtues bucks that somewhat healthy trend in entirely the wrong manner, and represents exactly the kind of the uninspired drudgery of Americana indie rock that has emerged in the wake of the likes of My Chemical Romance and Fall Out Boy.
	If you were expecting some kind of creative transformation from the shakeup, this new album may be something of a disappointment, as Urie and drummer Spencer Smith return to the skittish, bombastic pop-rock of their debut.
	