It's this insistence on resolutely following her instincts that makes this record so lustily appealing from top to bottom. [Nov 2011, p.95]
	Ultimately, what it all boils down to is that, as much as an album can be, it's pretty damn close to being flawless; not only matching the quality of The Reminder but actually bettering it.
	What a beautiful record. Truly gorgeous, the kind that wins both hearts and awards--perfect for a dinner party, a drive along Pacific Coast Highway, or a good, healthy cry.
	Feist manages to deliver an understated, yet powerful resolution that ultimately defines Metals not so much as a break up album or a make up album, but as a journey to acceptance.
	On Metals Feist combines the sublime magic of her voice with songs that feature equally strong compositions to render an album that is easily one of the best of the year.
	Metals is darker, more contemplative, heavier, a heady, atomic blend of folk-pop and emotional menace.
	The music, however, remains sophisticated and rhythmically feisty (pun thoroughly intended) even when so thoroughly keyed down.
	The off-the-cuffness of her earlier work is missed a little, but there's a satisfying fullness to Metals, as Feist maintains the dramatic fragility of a moment even as the kettledrums boom.
	Metals, which borrows from jazz and blues, is an artfully arranged opus with such natural beauty, it should be certified organic.
	It's a lovely, weightless set of songs from an artist whom we can now reasonably assume is capable of producing consistently great music.
	The most powerful moments are frequently the most stripped-down, underlying the fact that Feist is surely one of the best singers working today. [Nov. 2011, p. 126]
	There's a more visceral quality that will help win over those that have been on the fence in the past.
	The last song, a sparse electric guitar ballad, identifies another dualism: it's called "Get It Wrong, Get It Right," and like most of the rest of this unsettled album, it gets it right.
	Its songs are more impressionistic, brash in their knotty arrangements and assured in their execution.
	Metals is, in its own right, quite simply the cat's pyjamas.
	Slinky, spooky, superb.
	Its louder moments--and there are plenty--are even better and feature stomping incantations that demand air and company.
	It is a work that will continue to surprise and delight over time. It is all about the small details.
	The album itself is worthy of praise from any angle you choose to view it.
	Feist here cements her position as the poster-girl for intimate US indie rock, with songs that peel back the skin of the human condition.
	There are worse crimes than being too subtle: there's something impressively soft and unspun about Feist's quirkiness. And besides, more often Metals just sounds fantastic.
	There is nothing quite as uplifting as those previously mentioned numbers, but Metals remains as wonderfully organic and distinct as its predecessors
	Leslie Feist has managed to produce an even more intriguing character, one with depth and doubt and apprehension and dread and all the other things that make up the other, harder, larger half of the human experience.
	The mood and music of Metals is somber and poetic-but not always quiet-finally matching the emotional excavation she's written about throughout her career.
	Metals is a vivid evocation of a place that touches on fittingly vast themes about nature, love, and life itself.
	Metals, in its muted, gray imperfection, feels vital--even when it isn't.
	It's an uneven record in some ways--that middle sequence weighs it down and Feist still feels undersold as a band leader in the studio too often--but while that may be what keeps it from the finding the same success its predecessor did, it's also what makes Metals the more exciting album to dig into.
	Metals has nothing with the instant appeal of the 2007 hit-cum-iPod-jingle "1234." But it's her best album, a mood piece that tosses in everything from folk to Malian-style desert blues.
	Her voice flutters, bounces, and hiccups through the twelve songs on Metal, and her singing is dynamic and never boring.
	There's a soft-spoken power to Metals, even if its songs are more liquid and atmospheric than the title suggests.
	Though this is a fair complaint against the record, Feist's plain talent is so good that even this album's relative quality compared to her other records doesn't do much to diminish her songwriting capabilities. Feist is as captivating as ever, which makes Metals a pleasure to listen to.
	Nothing will blow you away here but a good listen taken in total.
	Even with its sonic detours -- the slightly nutty percussion, a lot of general yelling -- the record feels a bit monochromatic, like a just-fun-enough surrey ride whose background keeps repeating.
	Metals packs more sonic punch than its 2007 predecessor, but the problem here is not with recording quality--it's libido.
	Most of the songs deal with romance in its more dysfunctional guises, but Feist's comforting vocals keep things from getting too forlorn. [#81, p. 54]
	It's a lovely collection of songs, but there's simply not enough happening to carry an entire album.
	However gorgeous and warm Feist's voice may be, Metals is just too dull for her to overcome.
	Nothing on this, her fourth album, rivals that hit [1234] for toe-tapping immediacy, but it is rich in atmospheric beauty.
	Metals is the product of a stock-taking pause, it's clear the former Canadian indie scenester had rediscovered her bearings. [Oct 2011, p.106]
	