Even when the forced pronunciations turn gauche, she remains a good egg who's not afraid to put herself on the line.
	Although 2002 is still young, consider Under Rug Swept one of the year's best.
	With its uncomfortable candour, Under Rug Swept is a serious business.
	The music flows, the production doesn't overplay its hand, it's pleasingly melodic, tempering tempers the extremities of Jagged Little Pill while retaining the character and, as such, it's easy to groove on the sound without listening to the words.
	Under Rug Swept is Alanis Morissette in top form, exercising her God-given right to vent and sound beautiful doing so.
	Is Under Rug Swept as good as Jagged Little Pill? Ultimately, no. [Feb/Mar 2002, p.108]
	The good news is that despite the excess verbiage (which at least is hardly a shock), this is a Good Album.
	The processed guitar-based tracks on Rug don't quite rollick or shimmer, but with Alanis it's the lyrics, not the music, that count. [Apr 2002, p.114]
	Alanis is back on course and heading in the right direction.
	Her stream-of-conscious lyrics about self-esteem and troubled relationships are just more of the same medicine that went down better with 1995's Jagged Little Pill.
	As the disc progresses, her caustic diatribes against men get harder to take.
	Astonishingly, her own production makes much of this guff zing along with dirty guitars or big drum beats and improbably insinuating choruses. [Apr 2002, p.100]
	Under Rug Swept just about drowns in psychobabble.
	The album's garbled title is preparation for some of the clumsiest lyrics to be heard on a pop record in years.
	Morissette seems unwilling to step into unfamiliar territory.
	Her personal revelations too often ring false and crass, and nothing undermines a confession like calculation.
	This record moves way beyond armchair psychology - in fact, there are armchairs that have a cannier grasp of the mind.
	Time and again she comes across as the glum, joyless, self-centered sophomore with the dog-eared copy of "The Bell Jar" in her Hello Kitty backpack.
	I'm just not sure that pop music should come out of a thesaurus.
	Chiefly consists of lumpen and joyless AOR rock, with a few rhythm loops to give an illusion of modernity. [Apr 2002, p.104]
	