A tremendous leap forward from Tune-Yards' previous efforts, w h o k i l l  proves that Garbus isn't just a brainy artiste with a killer voice, but an event, someone to take notice of, a new center of gravity in the musical underground.
	She deploys her superb music to address an issue so pressing few can stand to think about it: who kills who?
	In a year that's already been rather special for great albums, Merrill Garbus may well have produced the finest record of the year.
	On the follow-up to her 2009 breakthrough album, "Bird-Brains," Merrill Garbus (aka Tune-Yards) again creates a clamorous assemblage of warm, overdriven kitchen-sink instrumentation, field hollering, layered stacks of processed vocals and a sonic smorgasbord culled from the world cafe-only more so.
	Catchy yet abrasive, noisy yet intimate, kind of funny yet also kind of scary, this is post-pop at its most vertiginously original.
	The bizarre take on folk, pop and anything else she sees fit is enchanting, joyful and thought provoking; it's everything at once.
	On this album, Garbus attempts to do this in a sophisticated and admirable way, and in the very form of her music, she offers a potential solution of a sort.
	One can only hazard a guess as to what her next venture will sound like, but if whokill is anything to go by, tUnE yArDs' prospects are endless.
	Garbus is a "new kinda woman," declares closing track, "Killa," and it's about damn time.
	w h o k i l l is probably the most inviting album you'll hear this year.
	For all its eccentric details and occasionally fractured flow, the songs brim with ecstatic blasts of saxophone and undulating waves of rhythm that suggest Afro-pop's endless groove.
	This unguarded, individualistic expression encourages strong identification in listeners, so don't be surprised if this record earns Garbus a very earnest and intense cult following.
	Though the album now comes with studio polish and masterful songwriting, W H O K I L L still feels like an underground tape, challenging the listeners with oddball melodic choices.
	Whokill's sonic imagination outlasts the novelty of Tune-Yards' debut, and even better, a lyrical persona as playfully warped as the rhythms punching away behind it.
	Genre-hopping in style with one-woman band Merrill Garbus. [July 2011, p. 114]
	This is heavy and intense music that I find difficult to call pop.  She deserves better.
	For all the sonic bricolage, nothing upstages Garbus's own force of personality: her vocal range thrillingly from demure cooing through sassy funk to lung-bursting holler. [May 2011, p.126]
	It's truly peerless music. And though Garbus sometimes teeters on the brink of musical bombast, her imagination propels it all forward while avoiding the quicksand of self-indulgence.
	She tosses jazz, folk, R&B, hip-hop and whatever else strikes her fancy into fascinating collisions that are as melodic as they are abrasive, and as globally minded as they are distinctly urban.
	She has fashioned a still eccentric but bracingly focused collection of songs that blend her acrobatic and soulful Afro-jazz vocals with a collage music that defies any attempts at categorization. [May 2011, p.96]
	It's as if Garbus is powered by primal, wrong-righting spirits that click like a force of nature.
	The songs are more consistent, too, flashing a certain lyrical swagger, careening from terrific sex to celebratory violence to uncomfortable cultural realities.
	Garbus might be more known right now as a magnetic performer, but w h o k i l l proves she's just as beguiling on record.
	Garbus's engagement is loud and hard to ignore. That she engages without despair is the part I find most admirable of all.
	Truer words were never uttered to describe tUnE-yArDs, though if you didn't know that before you got to the end of w h o k i l l, you weren't listening closely enough to it.
	For all the ups and downs of the lyrics, the music has no doubt that manic creativity and craftsmanship, along with rhythm and noise, are a survival kit.
	This is an album that's best aired on headphones, at critical volume.
	Whereas the musical and lyrical boldness of her 2009 debut, Bird-Brains, was a little muted by her homespun recording techniques, here every fragmenting note and confrontational idea is exhilaratingly crisp.
	You can sense that she's still a bit uncomfortable flirting with pop music, and hides the most accessible and melodic songs in the second half of the album. Then again, if you can't deal with a few dissonant free jazz horn explosions, you probably weren't going to pick up this record anyway.
	There's a freedom in her voice and a joy that is apparent.
	We just get to experience the full potential and realization of her creativity, which fortunately encountered technology apt enough to record it.
	This is very much her record-it's a fractured gorgeousness, with Garbus embracing her oddness in a gesture of self-love that results in an alarming, startling, fun and playful record.
	It all hangs together thanks to Garbus' voice, which slides seamlessly from Joplin-esque howls to delicate coos.
	w h o k i l l may be strange on first pass, but only by its uniqueness, a music whose microgenre would disappear in a whiff were Ms. Garbus to have never stumbled upon it within her.
	