It's the most cohesive and listenable record he's made to date.
	Thankfully the Bankhead rapper you know and love ain't change a damn thang and while this album may not blow down the doors to the Rap Hall of Fame as the greatest of all-time it offers a comfortable consistancy that should keep it hot in your Hummer all summer long.
	T.I. is at the top of his game, though, and he makes it heard.
	It ain't Shakespeare, but the dual protagonists make for an intriguing bout.
	T.I. overshadows any work he has previously done by keeping his Southern hip-hop roots intact while putting just enough attention on the hooks that one could easily find half of these songs that paint T.I. vs. T.I.P’s canvas on your favorite Hot 100 radio station.
	T.I. vs. T.I.P. does continue T.I.'s pattern of finding great production and then sounding really cool on top of it.
	Even if the concept falls flat, though, T.I. vs. T.I.P. still warrants a listen, if only because T.I. seems constitutionally incapable of releasing an album full of uncompelling music.
	The project just doesn't offer as many gems as "King," which pushed T.I. to new commercial heights.
	Mostly, though, this psychodrama feels both overplayed and underwritten. [August 2007 p.110]
	T.I. vs T.I.P. suffers from its star's inability to commit to character.
	The album is generally enjoyable, and it's doubtful T.I. has to worry about being dethroned within the near future.
	Too much of a hood thing--not to mention rampant self-obsession and too many dark, murky beats--make T.I. vs T.I.P. sound light on fresh ideas.
	By Act III, T.I. faces down T.I.P. in the mirror during a bizarre skit, yelling, "Why can't you just talk about what's wrong with you? Why can't you just let everything out?" The same could be said for the ambitious but uneven T.I. vs. T.I.P.
	Sonically, the album has a frantic, indistinct busyness that all too often passes for excitement and momentum.
	You wanna hear a mediocre hip hop album with a few decent songs? That’s the T.I. I’ve come to know and love.
	Skills most often attributed to premiere MC’s like deft wordplay, vivid storytelling, emotional resonance, salient talking points? These are few and far between on T.I. vs. T.I.P., even if the man remains an impressive technician who sounds at home on any beat you can give him.
	The Atlanta MC attempts the melodramatic, but to mostly underwhelming results.
	T.I. vs. T.I.P. makes for a confusing listen, which is a shame—fans would probably never have questioned who T.I. is until he started questioning himself.
	T.I. vs T.I.P. is mercifully light on the requisite skits illustrating its dichotomy, but you almost wish there were more of them to explain the album’s weird alchemy of simultaneously overwrought and undercooked production and flaccid, self-absorbed lyricism.
	In exploring his split psyche, T.I. forgets what made the excursion interesting to begin with: there’s good and evil in everyone, but you gotta mix the two to get a reaction.
	