The modulations and switches in pace remain as bold as ever, and Clark has a knack for memorable melody and a winning voice with shades of Kate Bush and Leslie Feist.
	Her approach is confident and challenging, but not arch – several direct, haunting love songs are as delicate and affecting as any Adele tear-jerker.
	It's cerebral and a little chilly, but also full of musical surprises. [23 Sep 2011, p.79]
	While strings and horns occasionally creep in, Strange Mercy consistently makes do with little more than a conventional rock-band setup. All the better to display the record's rougher edges and willingness to let its mistakes show.
	St. Vincent's most sonically rich effort to date.
	Virtuosity and accessibility have never been easy bedfellows, but Strange Mercy is one of those rare albums that makes you think and makes you fall in love.
	Much like Actor, it's the contrast of tendernesses in both the red-raw and Elvis senses of the word, that marks St. Vincent's music out as something more sophisticated and enthralling than it might first appear.
	Here, Clark's role-playing is grounded in emotions that are as cryptic as they are genuine and affecting. And when her voice can't bear it, her guitar does the screaming.
	Strange Mercy is more mysterious than its predecessors, the references more obscure, but it also feels more personal.
	Like the best art, Strange Mercy lets you know that it means something, though what the point is is as much open to interpretation as it is a matter of its author's intentions, which is how it should be.
	With each album, her willingness to push the envelope in both halves of the equation grows, as if she trusts her audience to in turn trust her enough to follow her further along the path.
	Even if Strange Mercy is like a blender with its top blown off, it's undeniable how convincing St. Vincent has become.
	Here she simply stopped trying to impress and simply assembled through feel and intuition, and, taken as a whole, it feels perfect. [Jul 2011, p.82]
	Clark's complex femininity, both self-possessed and keenly evolving, is what makes her music so powerful and fascinating.
	Annie Clark stands out with her work because she is one of the few artists that can take something mournful and make it jarring yet angelic all at once.
	Strange Mercy resonates as a strangely moving album about resilience. It's as messy as life often can be, ugly and beautiful all at once.
	Strange Mercy is Clark's most tense, nauseous, kaleidoscopic album yet.
	Strange Mercy is the lonely next door neighbour who could be just as popular if only you took the time to get to know her. Instead she is left to turn introspectively, which might not produce quite so brilliantly chromatic stories, but they can be just as – if not more – compelling.
	If this all sounds sort of strange or back-handed, that can be attributed to the fact that Strange Mercy takes a few listens to grasp, and it makes the repeat visits enticing. And that's a sign of a strong album.
	Annie Clark, aka St. Vincent, is an astounding electric guitarist, yet on her absorbing third album she never puts her mastery of the instrument ahead of a great song.
	Uneasy listening from honey-tongued, dark-hearted singer.
	Full of great lyrics and great playing, Strange Mercy is St. Vincent's most reflective and most audacious album to date, and Clark remains as delicately uncompromising an artist as ever.
	The more Clark edits, the more she refines, the stronger St. Vincent becomes. At this point, it's just a matter of consistency.
	Strange Mercy is her best yet, a deft mixture of self-confession, master class musicality, and downright unshakable songs.
	St. Vincent reaches, and while she doesn't quite find it throughout, listening to the reach is certainly more interesting than listening to an album that answers just one of the questions again and again and again.
	It may not be leaps and bounds ahead of previous St Vincent releases, but this is a rich and multi-faceted album to pay close attention to.
	Yet, far from a liability, Clark's bare, sedate St. Vincent persona is the highlight of Strange Mercy, reflecting all the terror, beauty, and allure of her music more effectively than any cantakerous narrator could muster.
	It's a little top-heavy, and meanders towards the end, but it's smart, demanding and unique, too.
	Strange Mercy is the shimmering, expansive sound of an artist defiantly coming into her own. [Oct 2011, p.104]
	A fabulous album, confirming St. Vincent's status as a deeply talented artist.
	The back end fades, but with Strange Mercy, St. Vincent masters the art of grin and bear it.
	Strange Mercy becomes more intriguing the more you listen to it--even if that means you also get further away from comprehending its idiosyncrasy.
	Crucially, her sense of humour remains intact, sharp and lethal – the sweet laments carried by her increasingly accomplished voice feel often to be one step away from, not laughter exactly, but self-deprecation, or a mordant smile at her own expense.
	Strange Mercy is visceral, vivid stuff: When Clark announces, amid a Roxy Music-style glam racket, that she's seen the northern lights ("Northern Lights"), you'll swear you can see them too.
	As advertised, Strange Mercy lets us off more easily than it should, but without the promised strangeness.
	On her third work, Strange Mercy, her facility with song craft is no less compelling for its cerebral beauty, but too often that cool, constructed quality stands between its maker and the wild bramble of the song.
	Musically, in other words, Strange Mercy delivers plenty of interest. What's not so convincing is the songwriting, specifically the lyrics. [Oct 2011, p.60]
	For her third album as St. Vincent, Annie Clark has jettisoned the baroque string and woodwind arrangements that marked 2009's Actor, in favour of more direct, guitar-based settings.
	Ultimately Strange Mercy sounds like her best record still lies ahead, once she feels a little more at ease with balancing her obviously multiple talents.
	