The entire disc is marked by diversity and ingenuity. [#13, p.96]
	Stone Roses fans who haven't tracked Brown's musical progress after that band's breakup will find much to love on Solarized, another mini-masterpiece that perfectly balances mood and melody.
	Yet another endearingly eccentric document: one that will largely support his growing reputation as a talented, contrary, and mischievously erratic artiste.
	The strongest and most ambitious record of Ian Brown's solo career. [#8, p.105]
	Solarized finds Brown regaining the melodic sense that eluded him on most of [Music Of The Spheres].
	Though one can't help but miss the complementing presence of Stone Roses guitarist/songwriter John Squire, "Solarized" is a strong and enjoyable offering from this Manchester icon.
	There's nothing terribly new to the electro-psych sound he's worked up for himself-- it actually throws back quite a bit to the Roses-- but here he has a clutch of great melodies for him to hang his honey-dipped voice on, and he delivers those nicely.
	At times convoluted, Solarized can be a bit of a puzzle, but there are precious few pieces missing from this set. [#14, p.115]
	Solarized is unlikely to win or lose Brown many fans, but the world of music would certainly be a duller place without him.
	Musically and lyrically, this has the same hazy, starry-eyed feel [as Music Of The Spheres]. [Oct 2004, p.121]
	There's a freshness uncommon to fortysomething men two decades into their career. [Oct 2004, p.110]
	Too mystical by half, perhaps, but streets ahead of former Stone Rose John Squire's plain-Jane rock.
	Has more in common with Oasis than anything else. [Mar 2005, p.110]
	Brings to mind an image of someone stuck on a treadmill who has been fooled into believing that he's actually moving forward.
	The album's production, particularly the insistence on pinning Brown's hazy croon way on top of the mix, too often dulls any punch the music would otherwise have.
	He falls well short thanks to a dated, home-cooked sound and and the earth-bound mundanity of his collaborators. [Nov 2004, p.119]
	Most of Solarized sounds like a so-so Portishead record with perfect cheekbones, an expensive haircut and rock-star airheadedness even Noel Gallagher couldn't manage.
	