Detroit punk rockers come out swinging on feisty third album.
	The Von Bondies' long-in-coming follow-up Love, Hate And Then There's You continues in that arena-ready modern-rock mode, but it's considerably brighter--even campier.
	Love Hate and Then There's You is the Von Bondies' most consistent album yet.
	Over punchy, driving riffs and crackling drum work, Stollsteimer howls like a guy with much to be pissed about, while the sharp production and dark pop hooks offer a vision of garage rock that's more grand than grimy.
	Love, Hate, and Then There’s You may not be a sign of the band’s growth, but it succeeds in capturing what the Von Bondies are and have been best at.
	As a spirited reintroduction, the album is by no means too little, but given the time the band has been away, it may be too late.
	Perhaps that’s a tad cruel, but to their credit, what the Von Bondies lack in originality, they make up for in style.
	These Detroit rockers emerge with an album that's pop-friendly but raucous enough to park in a Motor City garage.
	Like a football running back, it's when the band put their heads down and sprint straight ahead that they score. [mar 2009, p.113]
	The new problem is a lack of texture: in aiming for big hooks and big bucks, they've thrown variety out the window. [Jun 2009, p.134]
	Where their earlier records thrived on the tension between Stollsteimer's gut-spilling confessions and the band's raucous, raw-powered attack, on Love, Hate and Then There's You, we get all the pleading, but without the violent, cathartic release.
	Its latest album, Love Hate and Then There's You, is a stereotypical dilution of the Stooges/MC5 canon, there are a few unexpectedly tight tunes that hit as hard as, well, a sock in the eye.
	The riffs are tight, but not so fresh.
	Perhaps it was the pressure of following breakthrough hit ‘C’mon C’mon’, or some serious Jack White payback voodoo, but now, where should have roared a gutsy, triumphant comeback squeaks a patchy, mediocre-in-places record.
	Love, Hate And Then There’s You isn’t entirely devoid of entertainment value--Stollsteimer’s misguided attempts to replicate the successful sound of the Kaiser Chiefs, Franz Ferdinand, the Strokes and other alt-rock radio staples at the time these songs were conceived turns out to be quite funny, however unintentional the humour.
	Stollsteimer, it seems, is still in search of his own musical identity. [ Jun 2009, p.96]
	All round, an unsettling development. [Jun 2009, p.109]
	