An outstanding musical creation... that nods to almost every known genre of American music, and some that have yet to be named.
	It's almost too much, really, but Waits doesn't release albums very often, so you can make it last.
	Familiar, compelling, and tugging out empathy.
	A colourful, incomparable colossus, a work of breathtaking, staggering genius and no mistake.
	Orphans is a bravura showcase for the instrument of Tom Waits’ voice.
	Each orphan stands proudly on its own as the vestige of an old idea or a forgotten path—proving that even Waits's missteps still manage to point in the right direction.
	It's remarkable... how much of a piece the entire set is, reflecting how skilfully Waits has welded the various tributary styles of his art into a seamless whole. [Dec 2006, p.122]
	Astounding... More even than his Exile On Main St., this is Tom Waits' Basement Tapes. [Dec 2006, p.104]
	Sure enough, the first time through, too many [of the songs] had faded on me. Soon, however, even ones I'd given up on were bum-rushing my earhole.
	Waits may call them orphans, but another artist would call this a career.
	Orphans is a major work that goes beyond the origins of the material and drags everything past and present with sound and texture into a present to be presented as something utterly new, beyond anything he has previously issued.
	This set stands alongside Waits's finest work.
	Essential listening.
	Orphans is something akin to taking a journey through a familiar yet entirely foreign dream-place.
	"Orphans" is that rarity of an album: one that will satisfy hardcore fans as well as the uninitiated.
	Compiled from various stages of his career, with varying fidelity but weirdly without varying quality, Orphans is the singularly odd cutting-room comp that serves as an equally decent introduction to a career.
	This is not Tom Waits’ best record... But the whole package... is riveting, a collection that should humble lesser musicians who only can aspire to the mantle of Waits’ discarded work.
	Orphans plays less like a career capstone than Waits' one-man Library of Congress field-recording project. [#74, p.93]
	The collection is one of the best releases of 2006 because Tom Waits is one of America’s greatest living songwriters.
	The end product, neatly compartmentalized into three style-segregated discs, is about as perfect a summary of Waits' appeal as can be found on the open market, a shadow greatest hits that offers testimony to his unique and diverse talents without recycling any of his album material.
	Orphans may not have something for everyone, but what’s missing says more about the listener than the record.
	[The three albums] together make up one very powerful entity.
	Vast in scope, rich in trope and full of hope. [25 Nov 2006]
	This is nightmare music--a blue-collar purgatory made of American mythology and populated by its grotesques.
	A definitive album.
	It would be a mistake to dismiss this box set as a bunch of leftovers of interest only to Waits fanatics. There is some filler, it’s true, but there are also more than a dozen songs that rank with his best work.
	Waits is fearless in generating atmosphere and relentless in avoiding polish.
	Genius. [18 Nov 2006, p.33]
	Though the set's marathon length may keep casual listeners at a distance, fans of the eccentric characters, styles, and emotional arcs that compose Waits' oeuvre know there's no such thing as a "casual" Tom Waits listener anyway. [Dec 2006, p.103]
	The jumble of stuff that spills out -- from Delta blues to nineteenth-century ballads to spoken-word rambles -- is surprisingly consistent, at times transcendent, and not just for people intimately acquainted with Waits’s honeyed craziness.
	A long, sometimes hard, often inspired haul, this could easily have been pared down to a uniformly excellent double disc. [Dec 2006, p.138]
	After 30 years, Waits keeps getting weirder and weirder while still aging gracefully.
	