Overall there’s an abundance of grade-A pop on offer--just keep a tissue handy.
	Much like Jepsen's Emotion or Swift's 1989, Foxes' All I Need is vibrant, intelligently crafted pop pleasure.
	Minor quibbles aside, however, All I Need is Britain’s pop industry going head-to-head with America’s heaviest hitters, and triumphing.
	It is, as some tend to be, an accomplished album. It does what it aims to do: good and personally revealing pop music.
	Sometimes it's too familiar (the pre-chorus of "Body Talk" recalls Lady Gaga's "Poker Face," though that may be the point), and all the day-glo pop romantic agony can pile up after a while. But when it works--when a gospel choir lifts up the chorus of "Better Love," or when "Wicked Love" explodes into Kate Bush vocal arpeggios--it's a reminder of how just much fun the communal part of pop can be.
	The production is pitched halfway twixt Adele and Bastille, and All I need feels like the album that will kick Foxes up from the second tier to the A-lists and playlists. [Mar 2016, p.110]
	Her lyrics may be personal, but the package as a whole feels disappointingly generic.
	All I Need had the potential to be so much more than mediocre and forgettable.
	Any trace of the identity that once set Foxes apart from other pop acts has been wiped clean. The album resembles a generic template, fashioned by several verified hit-makers, which could feature just about any old pop artist.
	I think Foxes still trying to figure out how an artist can balances commercial pop music with underground, and this is - at least - admirable.I think Foxes still trying to figure out how an artist can balances commercial pop music with underground, and this is - at least - admirable. This album, by far, is a whopping increase of its previous (Glorious). Many tracks here were well thought out and prepared before they are ready for the public to acquire them. The strength of the album, of course, is the magnificent voice Foxes that keeps on plete way with his heavenly timbre. Even with more coherence and persistence that Glorious, All I Need eventually becomes tiresome for still being so homogenic as the previous one. Maybe it's my mistake to think like this, but it seems that this is the essence of Foxes... Make albums in which a song reminiscent of another. But still, finally, we see a more determined and mature woman now has a better and constructive project at hands. Eagerly awaiting the third album by this beautiful artist.… Full Review »
	I love Foxes, I love her very much, but she really needs a makeover career, as both albums sound so boring and basic. Her voice is out of thisI love Foxes, I love her very much, but she really needs a makeover career, as both albums sound so boring and basic. Her voice is out of this world so beautiful it is, but the productions are opposed to it.… Full Review »
	Muito melhor que grandes lançamentos de 2016 (até agora), a Raposa deveria ter mais reconhecimento, vocais maravilhosos, Cruel é sem dúvidas aMuito melhor que grandes lançamentos de 2016 (até agora), a Raposa deveria ter mais reconhecimento, vocais maravilhosos, Cruel é sem dúvidas a melhor do CD, achei bem superior a seu primeiro álbum, Glorious, uma verdadeira bíblia.… Full Review »
	