Whether telegraphing heartbreak, world-weariness, or menacing intent (the latter especially on the Psycho-meets-Bad-Seeds nightmare of "Sooner or Later"), Badwan and Zeffira excel at heightening their musical senses simultaneously to the graces of the Heavens and the billowy depths of Hades.
	Cat's Eyes are the sound of something beautiful in a state of slow decay. [May 2011, p.104]
	{The Birthday party is ] more like an unfortunate scratch on what is otherwise a miniature jewel of an album and one of those rare side-projects that deserves a long life of its own. [May 2011, p.117]
	Cat's Eyes is an intriguing album of heartbroken, shadowy pop that transcends its influences when it aims directly for the heart.
	Considering Zeffira's vocal training and Badwan's ability to project, they could have made a boisterous entrance. Instead, hushed tones and sweet melodies lure you in and keep you listening.
	At just 28 minutes long, Cat's Eyes certainly doesn't outstay its welcome. Hopefully this is the start of a very glimmeringly troubled yet wonderfully disturbed relationship. Amazing.
	It's warm, out-there pop that was worth all the care and attention that has been invested in it.
	It's fair to say said detractors would never have imagined their frontman would be capable of coming up with music as poised and beautiful as the rest of Cat's Eyes' debut album, but he has: the latest step on a career path built on confounding expectations.
	In these 28 minutes, Badwan underlines his determination to expand beyond traditional patterns, creating an album that's absorbing and rewarding.
	It's an album that is truly surprising. It's clever enough with the homages to properly capture the spirit of the period they are referencing, but smart enough to not ever just pastiche it.
	Zeffira's facility with reeds, keys and strings ensures constantly interesting textural shifts, while the combination of Badwan's imperious, Scott Walker-esque baritone and Zeffira's varied vocal stylings recalls not just Lee Hazlewood & Nancy Sinatra but even the effervescent charm of The B-52s.
	Cat's Eyes is the rare side project effort that feels as (if not more) fully realized than the band from which it borrows members.
	Sounding grandiose and understated simultaneously is not an easy feat, but it's one that Cat's Eyes manages to do almost relentlessly.
	Cat's Eyes has allowed both artists to experiment in a way that they otherwise may not have been able to with their original incarnations. [May 2011, p.76]
	Cat's Eyes is an impressive first outing full of sensuous dreamy atmosphere. Worthy.
	Instrumentally, every song here is impressive, but the singing is pushed to the fore on the majority in an attempt to instigate a hook, which is only occasionally successful.
	Unfortunately, there are as many lows as there are highs on this debut.
	Cat's Eyes has nice moment's has nice moments, but it makes you realize how much we'll miss Broadcast, who explored similar terrain with more aplomb. [May 2011, p.86]
	