There's a determination in the undertone of the album. That determination in crafting of a band's best record to date, only covered by the confidence it lets off as well.
	Empros doesn't just defy gravity, it defines it.
	The album is the natural progression and refining of everything the band has done prior to it; it encapsulates and exemplifies all at once.
	Their name might suggest one thing, but this lot are definitely not going around in circles; this is their best record yet.
	As an album, Empros shows Russian Circles bringing together everything they've done before into one complete package, compiling the lessons of albums past into one singular vision, and bringing it all together for a new vision of their future.
	What unites all six fantastically constructed pieces on this album is the sound of a band delivering on their potential, and then some. [Nov. 19, 2011 p. 52]
	Circles finds the band leaving a bit of the motorik behind for more melodic and dynamic territory. [#82, p.57]
	Empros is consistently epic and life-affirming without ever delving into over-emotional cliché.
	Sullivan's intelligent use of layers and loops create a phenomenally dense but remarkably accessible soundscape as the band constantly ebb and flow between bombast and introspection.
	The band's fourth album, Empros, seamlessly threads together a mire of unmitigated sonic emanations with a consciously utilized sensitivity to sound and beauty, crafting a less than monotonous or laborious listen.
	Empros proves Russian Circles' ability once again, without going horribly out of its way to prove something or make some sort of grand statement.
	Bigger, stranger, and just plain heavier than any Circles disc before it, the first 35 minutes of Empros' empyrean, oblong alien-prog finds the band once again wrestling their grand ambitions into impossible shapes.
	Though crunching at their heaviest, the band still shines brightest when they edge toward indie-rock approachability.
	"Batu" (Indonesia) circles but never lands, while closer "Praise Be Man" gurgles the end too early, but this hot comet Empros is anything but Greek.
	