The key feeling could be summed up in the album title, in a way -- it's not necessarily that the album is all about love, but it's definitely about warmth and happy energy with a definite male slant, a blissed feeling over the heavy crunch and impact of the music.
	I like it a lot. Much better than their first.
	It's the contrast between these points--the brilliantly familiar and the boldly flawed--that ensures I Love You, Dude stays on the right side of lazy revivalism.
	It's far from original, but nonetheless highly effective, and the sweaty, lad-friendly nature of the title betrays its inherent good humour. [Aug 2011, p.82]
	It's heavy-hitting, but the price paid is the loss of the subtle details that made them unique. [Jul 2011, p.111]
	Yet cringingly vibed-up first words aside – where we're also leaving the Eurovision cheese of 2 Hearts--the follow-up to 2007's debut, Idealism, is not all bad.
	Digitalism is at their best when immersing themselves in the trappings and embellishments of full-blown electronica, and they tend to suffer when trying to escape them.
	The only real fault with I Love You, Dude (apart from the title) is that it becomes too familiar over the course of a whole album. Slim down the 10 tracks, though, and you've got the perfect party EP.
	German electro poppers making a play for the festival crowds. [July 2011, p. 102]
	The record is obvious and contrived; but bass is bass, a drop is a drop, and a banger is a banger – no matter how much guilt the enjoyment brings.
	I Love You, Dude feels as blunt and oafish as its name, and weirdly dated in its sonic palette. Sporadically engaging, but sadly nothing more.
	I Love You, Dude doesn't shake off the confines of genre to reveal a shiny new pop act underneath. Nor does it meaningfully improve on Digitalism's previous formulas.
	The only tracks that don't make us cringe are the back-to-basics club bangers likely added to pad out the album, and even those don't contain anything to get excited about. Someone needs to explain to Digitalism that it's way too soon for mid-00s retro.
	I Love You Dude is offensive in its banality, and other than that it's so mundane that it's tough to even want to care.
	There's no debating in my mind that Digitalism have the potential to produce an album even better than Idealism. But sadly, I Love You, Dude is not it.
	