Rather than merely aiming at populism, though, Brooks has set a new personal best for what he's been doing for almost 20 years: turning pop anthems into earthmovers.
	They've consistently upped tempos while delivering saccharine-infused riffs with all the sunshine-y aplomb of a Prozac salesman's first and last day on the job. [No.87 p.59]
	Harmonicraft finds Torche taking off at full speed with an album packed full of driving riffs and soaring melody that's going to have an easy time convincing fans that the band hasn't lost a step after losing a member.
	Harmonicraft isn't just the best Torche release: It's a contender for one of the best loud rock releases of the year.
	Somehow they've upped their jubilation game without making too many sonic changes since 2005's self-titled debut.
	Smoother production and the further improvement in the overall quality of the material--not to mention evidence of a genuine dedication to his vocal performance from Steve Brooks--put Harmonicraft in a different league. [May 2012, p.104]
	Harmonicraft still brings the heft and thick cut distortion, but never wastes a single moment's breath on anything superfluous. [28 Apr 2012, p.53]
	Torche have always been a good band and sometimes even a great one, but with Harmonicraft they've found the songs to match their extraordinary sound.
	Cheers to Torche for proving a heavy-rock band can be optimistic and sincere-without sacrificing any of the edge.
	[Harmonicraft] finds Torche further indulging their pop muse. The result is a set of songs that retains most of the heaviness we've come to expect at this point, but with even more single-ready ear candy than ever before.
	Harmonicraft is filled with catchy hooks and pop melodies, as well as progressive, atmospheric rhythms.
	All of this comes together to form a cohesive collection that flows effortlessly; without a doubt, it's one of the strongest guitar-rock records 2012 will yield. [May 2012, p.83]
	It's not a monumental leap forward from the band's previous work, but Harmonicraft displays the signs of consistent refinement and revels in that fact.
	The sense of brightness that was present (but kept at a reasonable distance) in the pretty good debut and the pretty excellent Meanderthal is amplified here, and many (most?) songs on Harmonicraft could fit comfortably into a more conventional arena setting than the ones from their murkier beginnings.
	The tuned-down Melvins-like squall from their earlier records is still present and accounted for, but Torche have managed to shove their guitar work into unexpected places that balance limber melodicism with punishing heft.
	Brimming with joyful bombast, Harmonicraft warrants re-listens.
	Torche's 2008 master class, second album Meanderthal, began at prog metal and closed as a mind-blowing stoner maelstrom. Harmonicraft polishes that sonic Darwinism into tight, melodic, mosh pits.
	Harmonicraft is not without its moments; its just that, sometimes, spans of monotony and predictably make remembering or caring for those moments more work than they're worth.
	Harmonicraft often strays into pastiche when they attempt to cling on to their past, but comes into its own when it strides confidently into new realms.
	Harmonicraft is a short, sweet collection of pop-metal confectionery, irresistible if not unforgettable.
	