The album’s overall spirit of adventure is summed up in the gorgeous title track, written by the Perrys with fellow family trio The Henningsens. Starting sweet and delicate, it offers a message of encouragement to be bold in the face of uncertainty and doubt as it builds to a thrilling crescendo.
	The album, which is loaded with plenty of dramatic lyrics and arrangements, closes with a truly luscious ballad which leaves the listener wanting more.
	[New producer,] Dann Huff, preserves their homegrown twang nicely, nixing the boring pop-crossover vibe that plagues so much mainstream country--but Kimberly's all fired up, too.
	A sense of loss keeps these polished songs from being too sweet.
	The album sags when the songs fall back on traditional tropes and are unable to match the performative bombast.
	The brood is most convincing on giddier kiss-offs like "Chainsaw" (rhymes with "such a shame y'all") and the Brad Paisley co-write "Forever Mine Nevermind."
	As good as the by-the-books ballads and rocking country are, the moments when the façade slips a bit make this worth hearing as an album and not a collection of singles.
	The Best Country Album so far in 2013! The song blend and you wont stop listening to it. Its really good and the songs are well structured andThe Best Country Album so far in 2013! The song blend and you wont stop listening to it. Its really good and the songs are well structured and its pure country at its best! :D… Full Review »
	The Band Perry's sophomore effort will forever stand as an act-of-class classic, and as one of the best albums of 2013. It's pure genius andThe Band Perry's sophomore effort will forever stand as an act-of-class classic, and as one of the best albums of 2013. It's pure genius and so well-crafted and designed, with lyrics that anyone anywhere can relate to. The tune are what country music should be all about. The album in all isn't one to forget anytime soon (it's 2016 and I'm writing this review). Rich spectacular record. Way to go, TBP!Essential Tracks: literally everything, but for a headstart, listen to "Don't Let Me Be Lonely", "End of Time", and "Back to Me Without You".… Full Review »
	The album was simply too loud. The Band Perry are known for good, not great lyrics (Kim is no Ashley Monroe), but most of all, the band wasThe album was simply too loud. The Band Perry are known for good, not great lyrics (Kim is no Ashley Monroe), but most of all, the band was famous for its rich, clean sound. This album, that sound was replaced by loud concert music; which may help sell tickets but is not very fun to listen to at home. "Pioneer" is the best song on the album.… Full Review »
	