Shockingly well done... a remarkable album. [3 Sep 2004, p.73]
	Some called their first two albums derivative, but with this third disc the guys wrestle their greased-up garage boogie until they own it.
	The sparse arrangements and DIY aesthetic give the Keys a rock and roll genuineness that's missing from their contemporaries. [#8, p.79]
	The most exciting and best rock & roll record of 2004.
	The Black Keys play the kind of raw, sensual blues-rock that makes you want to hide your girlfriend and warn your mom.
	More of the same meaty riffs meet familiar sweaty rhythms to take you down to the Midwestern delta one more time. [#12, p.95]
	It picks up right where Thickfreakness left off-- outside the bar in the gravel parking lot, swinging aggressively with Dan Auerbach's ferocious six-string and Patrick Carney's cymbal-and-snare seizures-- and brings the noise one step further.
	Patrick Carney and Dan Auerbach deliver a much more consistent and musically varied album with Rubber Factory, yet don’t sacrifice the guitar rock that made their previous two albums so much fun.
	This is deceptively simple, back-to-basics rock music that no honest American can help but enjoy.
	Sounds like it's coming from bluesmasters who've lived twice as long and seen three times as much.
	Rubber Factory finds inspiration in decay, and signals a hopeful future for the Black Keys.
	Their sound is no more polished than the tracks were on their last album, the also-great thickfreakness, but there's an air of stronger confidence on Rubber Factory.
	The duo-only, no bass required songs don't lack for sonic depth. [Sep 2004, p.98]
	The disc makes a lot of noise, and it sounds great in the process.
	Rubber Factory is not as consistent an offering as Thickfreakness.... But make no mistake, the strengths here more than amend for the weaknesses.
	This album shows that these guys have plenty of room to expand stylistically while still absolutely owning blues rock.
	Doesn't sound as raw as they probably wanted it to. [Oct 2004, p.120]
	It's just a shame that quieter moments such as 'The Lengths' sound a little weedy in comparison. [4 Sep 2004, p.72]
	Innovation isn't on the agenda, but thanks to some stomping tunes and Auerbach's oak-smoked vocals, it's another rock-solid enterprise. [Sep 2004, p.119]
	It's terrific, lively fun--soulful, even--as long as nobody tries to tell you there's something radical about it. [Sep 2004, p.101]
	Auerbach's fat, rocketing riffs are rivaled only by his Delta-dipped drawl. [Oct 2004, p.114]
	There's a bit more quiet time on this effort. [Nov 2004, p.149]
	High-impact scuzz-blues that aims for prime Hendrix and almost gets there. [30 Sep 2004, p.186]
	