Daughtry and his band return with similar aggression on their sophomore album, Leave This Town. Daughtry's ferocious growl is still the centerpiece of the new songs, but the band has also taken a few creative risks.
	The blueprint of follow-up Leave This Town--chugging riffs, angsty-sensitive lyrics, here-come-the-soaring-double tracked-?choruses--may feel utterly familiar, but it's undoubtedly what the people (the people not being up for, one guesses, any major stylistic switcheroos) want.
	At best Leave This Town inches beyond its predecessor, deeply tunneled into the hard-rock mainstream but a touch more confident and eclectic.
	This is by-the-numbers arena rock, played with muscular competence by a relatively young band showing off its chops by executing successful formulas.
	They have nothing on their mind other than making basic, black-and-white modern rock, and they do so efficiently on Leave This Town, a sophomore album that's every bit as satisfying as the first.
	It takes gall to put a song called 'No Surprise' on your second disc, but gall is something Daughtry does not lack, and that's what made him one of the only bona fide rock stars to come out of American Idol.
	If you called Leave This Town, his familiar-sounding sophomore effort, workmanlike, he’d probably see it as a compliment. Too bad this is disappointingly generic hard rock with virtually the same formula that made his debut such a success.
	It's a collection packed with groaning clichés and calculated banality, and while that's not so different from plenty of music in any era, Leave This Town is so formulaic, it could have come from a laboratory at DuPont, where they make plastic.
	Taking into account that half of Leave This Town was never intended for headphone listening, and is better heard blasting on a car stereo or a jukebox, it can seem somewhat picky to criticise the album for being poorly-written or for sounding like compressed dog poo.
	Chris Daughtry has a real band that plays really serious songs, which are, almost without exception, really, really bad.
	