The great thing about this follow-up is the way it builds on that foundation without lapsing into self-consciousness.
	Where Manu Chao might have smoothed off some of the rough edges during his spell as co-producer, this album positively celebrates those grungier moments.
	Welcome To Mali sounds heavily produced but not overproduced, and even with the pings and whizzing, Amadou’s playing and the pair’s singing insure it never sounds less than organic.
	This album feels like it's tuning into everything, connecting with everything. Welcome to Maii. And welcome to the future.
	Welcome to Mali was one of 2008's hidden gems, so do yourself a favor and go check it out now.
	Like all of Welcome To Mali, the underpinnings of 'I Think Of You' are fantastically layered, with a combination of precision timing and in-the-moment passion. [Winter 2009, p.68]
	This album is an affirmation of global connectivity and an emerging global culture that transcends and repurposes tradition as it sees fit--the sound of Mali merging with the world at large.
	The old formula, while rootsy, gains much from the injection of variety.
	Big production bombast in the latter half of the record--especially on 'Africa,' the English-language 'I Follow You' and the title track--could happily be skipped over, but there's at least half a record here that's as indispensible as it is likeable.
	This is Amadou and Mariam's album, and their Africa-pop crossover success continues.
	Welcome to Mali celebrates its artificiality, flaunts its illegitimacy and waggles its infidelities in your face. Amadou & Mariam have just damned authenticite to an eternity in caducite. [Dec 2008, p.98]
	A couple of 50 year olds have just made the most vibrant, youthful record you'll hear all year. What's not to love?
	Truely, a voyage of discovery. [Jan 2009, p.121]
	The follow-up (without Chao) is a more straightforward Afro-pop record, with a few exceptions.
	Regardless of the frames built around them by producers or the press, Amadou and Mariam make great pop music, and their new album gives us more of it.
	Welcome to Mali showcases the duo at some distance from its original, more elemental sound, but the overall feel is that of musical progress.
	But if this is not a problem for you (there’s hardly a word of English), then you’ll enjoy the warm dialogue and glacial crooning of an ancient tongue presented over a psychedelic mix of some of the dark continents finest.
	Dancing desert blues refract Parisian pop while still best at home in the title trance, 'Africa,' and hard-jangled closer 'Sekebe.'
	The diversity isn't as effortless, but the pushier, poppier beats dislodge A&M from their polite safety zone. [Apr 2009, p.58]
	It is not entirely strong and not entirely weak. It is not entirely anything. The strength, as always, lies in the couple’s songwriting aptitude.
	If the album is frustratingly uneven--if, despite moments of exuberance, it can also feel like a mundane grind--well, I suspect that also mirrors life in Mali. And almost everywhere else, too.
	