This is an instantly engaging showcase of the 23-year-old Aussie’s talents--poppy without diluting her fierce-flowing charisma.
	Twerk-inducing and loud; 'Goddess' is the game-changer for Iggy Azalea and the glistening cherry on top of the immaculately produced, lyrically creative gem that is The New Classic.
	There’s no rap entitlement on display, and even brand-dropping doesn’t feel disingenuous or superficial, somehow--and, furthermore, she’s a grounded everyman rap icon. It’s endearing to no end.
	The production is an expertly judged combination of radio-friendly pop and club-influenced, sparse trap beats. Iggy’s the real deal.
	Iggy's got a handful of top shelf singles, but too much of The New Classic is old news. [2 May 2014, p.63]
	The New Classic will never be a classic, but it isn’t anywhere as bad as anyone will expect it to be.
	If there's one problem with this pop/rap hybrid it is the skittish way she sometimes departs from the beat, losing her flow in EDM choruses or radio friendly R&B pop hooks. Iggy is strongest when she welds her words to a minimal yet delectable bass boom, spelling out her name with mischievous exaggeration.
	Despite Azalea’s nimble delivery sometimes lapsing into the mechanical, there are moments on The New Classic when she sounds ready for prime time.
	Although a few late quarter misfirings render the album’s title misleading, there is too much good here to say with a straight face that Iggy will amount to nothing more than a flash in the pan.
	Taken in as an album and Azalea's constant "bow down" attitude makes this a cuckoldish experience, so think "some will pay for what others pay to avoid" and approach accordingly.
	Student’s complete commitment to character and form compensate slightly for the unrelenting weirdness of this project.
	Azalea's flow is both playful and authoritative, and above-par surprises unfurl on the productions.
	Though neither particularly new nor classic, Iggy Azalea’s debut album proper (following two self-released mixtapes) reveals enough smarts and skills to sustain the Aussie rapper’s momentum.
	Azalea's rags-to-riches story shines on Work, but elsewhere her "bow down to a goddess" schtick grows tiring.
	It's a shame The New Classic can sound so heavily manufactured, if anything because interesting things happen from time to time.
	There's simply not enough substance and individuality for me to call this a good rap album. But at the intersection of rap and pop it doesn't embarrass either side.
	The New Classic mistakenly tries to frame Azalea as hip-hop's newest can't-miss egomaniac, focusing on the riches instead of the far more interesting rags.
	Iggy Azalea’s The New Classic aims high, but ultimately falls flat.
	She dresses [her songs] up in the kind of shamelessly poppy hooks that make Top 40 programmers giggle in delight and "real hip-hop" heads shake theirs sadly. If this is the future, it's one strange place.
	There's nothing to really chew on here, nothing to keep you coming back.
	Iggy Azalea's a fun girl booty-shaking a few morsels of neon, hashtag-spangled pop.
	While Azalea drops the occasional zinger, The New Classic is the sound of an ersatz rebel playing to script, having a shot at the rap career Paris Hilton never quite got round to. [Jun 2014, p.123]
	There’s nothing game-changing about The New Classic, just recycled hustlin’ tropes and an ugly, nasal double-time flow overcompensating for mediocre wordplay.
	The New Classic establishes the Australian artist as a competent rapper with a decent ear for hooks, but that's about it.
	The New Classic, though stacked from top to bottom with an impressive collection of production efforts, is nothing more than derivative delivery soaked in stylistic heresy.
	The directionless album may have a number of songs that will make radio programmers drool, but the staying power resembles anything but a classic.
	