Fantastic all of the time.
	It's one of the few Europop albums that not only deserves worldwide domination, but also has a really good chance of achieving it.
	Robyn defines what she's all about. Even if it took a few years to put together the label and album (and a few more to get it released everywhere), this is the pop tour de force that Robyn has always had in her.
	Robyn has assured her contemporaries that pop life does not end as a tweenie, that pop music can be for adults, and that adults can be Do It Yourself indie artists, so long as one thing is in place: talent.
	Really, the most impressive thing about Robyn is just how timeless it is proving to be.
	The overall mood is light even when the lyrics get pointed--which is plenty of the time.
	Her pop fun is a bit knowing-- she's 26 after all. But trust the Swedes. They know what they're doing with this sort of thing.
	The hooks come off-kilter and all killer.
	A record to throw yourself into with the same glee Robyn clearly has.
	Her UK debut album manages to piece together many of the elements of her chameleon-like career (Robyn is essentially a Best Of collection) and come up with what is the most inventive pop album you’ll hear all year.
	Robyn is definitely a slow-burner (unusual for a dance record, which typically provides a more immediate, transient gratification), but it's also everything pop music should be: provocative, poignant, inventive, and fun.
	Robyn achieves the sort of pure pop perfection that her more mainstream records never did. [May 2008, p.108]
	From the cheeky hip-hop of 'Konichiwa Bitches' and the warped bass underpinning her cover of Teddybears' 'Cobra Style' to the Kylie Minogue-esque 'With Every Heartbeat' and sweeping strings carrying 'Be Mine,' the album holds 14 sassy and sweet dance pop gems.
	The sassy Swede gives Madge something to think about.
	Clearly Robyn knows her pop history, but she manages to prevent the album from slipping into simple pastiche by always keeping the balance between old and new just right.
	Sexy without being pandering, arty without being pretentious, Robyn is a public service: a record that can make indie-minded geeks dance without shame.
	Her appeal is questionable when she tries to sound like an American rapper, but on tracks where she just sings--the immaculate junk symphony of 'Be Mine,' the excellently Japanese 'Bum Like You,' the Autobahn power-ballad 'With Every Heartbeat'--she gives Europop a swift Swedish energy and presence.
	