Few other modern musicians are as adept at taking such a tried and tested genre and making it utterly their own.
	Sixes & Sevens is another flawlessly inspired slice of unique pop from America's most underappreciated sonic magician. [Spring 2008, p.83]
	Listeners looking for lyrical meaning will still be disappointed, searching in vain for hidden significance in these nonsensical love song lines. A word of advice: It's best to just accept his words as conduits for his dreamy voice, and give in to his charming tunes.
	Sixes & Sevens might be a drawn-out mess, but break it down to its constituent parts and you suddenly have rich pickings for the perfect mix-tape.
	Although these songs do run a bit short, Sixes and Sevens features 20 delectable pop songs, each unique in its own way.
	Through it all, Green’s show tune-y vocals are at center stage, and though the compositions are often too busy and can detract from his rolling lyrical intricacies, Sixes and Sevens is a very good record, if still a step short of great.
	In his relaxed baritone Mr. Green sings thoroughly incongruous lyrics: easy gross-outs, free associations and darker tidings.
	Sixes & Sevens is a disjointed conglomeration of different ramblings that can't quite coalesce around any sort of idea.
	Green's songs are memorable and his subtle orchestrations effective, while his lovely, burnished, Dean Martin-ish baritone voice glues it all together. [Apr 2008, p.90]
	Nothing on Sixes & Sevens quite lives up to the giddy brillance of the "Juno" soundtrack, but the music will still inspire you to draw hearts around your crush's name in your fifth-period notebook. [May 2008, p.134]
	Sixes & Sevens feels more like movie-hopping at an art-house multiplex, an exercise in genre formats and stolen identities.
	He hits a campy sweet spot from time to time, but at a seemingly endless 20-track length, this is one tiresome gag. [21 Mar 2008, p.57]
	If not entirely out of gas, Green certainly seems to be having trouble shifting gear.
	The erstwhile Moldy Peaches wears out his welcome at 20 tracks, each one unrelated to the last and haphazardly abandoned around the one-and-a-half minute mark. [Apr 2008, p.98]
	Green writes with a compulsive frequency, like an office joker cracking funnies. And after 20 of his songs, the appeal wanes in not dissimilar fashion. [Apr 2008, p.114]
	It's always catchy, but all 20 tracks are so short everything feels throwaway, and the free-association lyrics go from amusing to aggravating in an instant. [Apr 2008, p.107]
	His bored delivery and ridiculous lyrics about peanut butter sandwiches and rich kids make his two-minute tunes on this 20-song binge stretch out painfully into what feels like forever.
	