His careful attention to detail and masterful use of vocal harmonies are unparalleled in modern indie rock.
	Like Animal Collective, Lennox pulls off the trick of being simultaneously poppy and abstract, winsome and deranging.
	An album this undeniably imaginative, consistent and immersive comes as a wonderful surprise and proof that maybe music isn't as lost as it seems. [Apr 2007, p.107]
	You can feel the warmth pouring out of the music.
	A lovely, trippy kaleidoscope of sound. [13 Apr 2007, p.74]
	Sometimes ominous, sometimes celebratory, always compelling, Person Pitch is as clattering and tactile as a beaded curtain.
	For an album constructed from so many constituent parts, Person Pitch is amazingly warm and inviting at times, wrapping around the ears, nestling the head, and squeezing like a nice familial bear hug after years of no contact.
	In a year that will feature not just a new long-player from Lennox's Animal Collective but also a box set's worth of rare material, it may be hard to surpass the haunting, blissful pageantry of Person Pitch.
	It’s all masterful.
	It’s safe to say that, Person Pitch just might be album of the year (so far, at least).
	An album as rich as it is strange.
	Essentially, Person Pitch is an amazing third album from the young musician, on a par with the best work of the Animal Collective. Striking just the right balance between melody, song, and experimentation, it's one of the best albums of the year so far.
	Although it's certainly inventive in approach and execution, there's no denying that Person Pitch sees Lennox working within decidedly pop-centric parameters.
	The strength of Person Pitch is that it really doesn't matter what label might be affixed to it; quite simply, it is a gorgeous album from beginning to end.
	Odd, joyous, and wonderful.
	It’s easily the gentlest, brightest record to be associated with the Animal Collective.
	Magical. [Apr 2007, p.114]
	It's as lucid a marriage of the eneffably strange and crayon-bright catchy as 2007 is likely to see. [Apr 2007, p.58]
	The sweetness is almost too gooey, and what should be providing a healthy contrast ends up dragging the best instrumental moments down more than once, almost literally getting in the way of the striking sonic collages. It may be heresy to some, but conceivably Person Pitch would be at its best if it were strictly instrumental.
	The prevailing mood is one of euphoria - of clouds parting, sun shining and hearts melting.
	The clever hook is keeping everything fuzzy enough to create a trippy mystique that makes it difficult to pinpoint what's happening or where it's all leading.
	Panda Bear has created one of the most unusual and beautifully strange statements of the avant-garde.
	The sheer ingenuity with which he illustrates his immaculate tone poem makes Person Pitch as imaginative as any pop album you’ll hear this year. [#17, p.92]
	It's the glorious melodies and cavernous, quasi-dub-like production that conspire to make Person Pitch one of the most beguiling, intoxicating releases of 2007 thus far. [May 2007, p.161]
	As warm, strange and enchantingly off-key as the title suggests. [May 2007, p.127]
	Immediately and huantingly familiar, it circumvents pastiche courtesy of a mischievous cut'n'paste aesthetic. [Feb 2008, p.108]
	Person Pitch is a paradoxically personal yet expansive work, a set that seems incredibly intimate to Lennox but universally open to a world of possibilities.
	The most sonically satisfying statement to emerge yet from the Collective.
	A marvelous, hazy trip full of Beach Boys-inspired psychedelia.
	Somehow, these constant flourishes enhance, rather than obscure, the disc's plentiful catchy bits, giving Person Pitch a resonant, off-kilter charm. [Apr 2007, p.93]
	The beautiful melodies and harmonies don’t actually go anywhere, they just kind of float in and out of earshot, failing to develop or do anything harmonically interesting.
	