Bittersweet World is the first time that she has made a record that lives up to her happily empty persona, something that's truly fun junk.
	The prevailing impression is that she has grown up and lightened up, the earnest, angsty moods replaced by an exuberant fusion of crunchy 1980s rock and noughties pop.
	Bittersweet brims with polished--and similarly Gwen-esque--hooks and pretty melodies.
	She’s shameless enough to mimic Gwen Stefani, Avril Lavigne, Madonna and 1980s hits from Toni Basil, Tom Tom Club and Missing Persons. The shamelessness pays off in songs with crisp beats, teen-seeking choruses and cheerfully obvious lyrics.
	Bittersweet World is a party worth attending, but not much is missed if your invite got lost in the mail.
	Simpson has always been the most appealingly self-aware of her pop-tart peers, and for the most part, she works wisely within her simple, spunky skill set.
	Fans and detractors alike get exactly what they expect with bratty rockers like 'Outta My Head' and 'Rulebreaker,' but things seem to “get real” a bit with a more-introspective (if you can call it that) track like 'Murder (I Get Away With).'
	On her third album, Simpson skillfully shifts her crunchy, guitar-driven pop to Eighties-influenced electro-rock with the help of Timbaland and the Neptunes’ Chad Hugo.
	In the quest to make overly bronzed twentysomethings sweat, this endearing pseudo–rebel loses much of the little–sister angst that made her so appealing in the first place.
	She's got an album which for all its sing-along moments is neither catchy nor extreme enough to be exceptional.
	Bittersweet World is another step in the right direction for Simpson; now if only she'd learn that real rule breakers don't write songs about it.
	No matter how glossy the production, it’s impossible not to notice that Simpson can’t sing well enough to carry an album, while her peppy, Avril-lite personality comes off as contrived and as obnoxious as Lavigne’s.
	Predictably, adhering to the tacit rules of pop (succinctness, all star production, glossy sound and packaging with twist of street styling) has not produced any surprises but has instead cemented her position in the realm.
	She has to, you know, sing. You can tell she's not into it.
	There’re dudes out there (Google them) who will try and tell you this album has some relevance, that it represents pop, that it’s important. That it’s good. They’re wrong.
	