James Blake is dubstep's crossover moment, rolling back the hostile skronk and centering on a croon that rivals Antony Hegarty for lovelorn beauty.
	James Blake is an essential for anybody interested in witnessing how pop music can and will continue to change, progress, and grow into something new with time.
	The highlights here are subtle, but many.
	This is a piece of work that raises the bar for all his contemporaries, and I would not be surprised to see this album at the top of many Best of 2011 lists.
	With not a sound wasted, James Blake is everything we wanted James Blake to make.
	James Blake is an absolute treat for the ears.
	Written, arranged, performed and recorded by Blake in his bedroom, the album isn't just a good collection of touching songs, it's a complete world of his own; a mood, a moment, a sound that's uniquely his. Just as a future classic should be.
	With this new LP -- released on a major label on both sides of the Atlantic, no less -- odds are, a lot of people are going to listen, and I don't mean in the tail-eating, blog-bite-blog sort of way.
	His are fragile, beautiful songs floating over warmly alien, sometimes seemingly formless musical structures yet it's an effect borne through unconventional levels of space and patience.
	The young studio maverick has given us something entirely new, but it's not perfect. It's not an inconsistent album, but it has a few unnecessary fillers. His unrestricted, deconstructed, sparse and minimal productions are unique and he deserves all the hype surrounding him.
	Blake has managed to create something new, balancing his understated vocals with funky, dub beats, synthesizers and a vocoder.
	He achieves a lot with a little. He never gives us filler. He continues to innovate. He has provided us with a great album, one that is a sure sign his velocity has not been slowed.
	Like Portishead, this album may very well achieve background ubiquity, but that should not be allowed to obscure the strangeness and currency of this record. [Mar 2011, p.46]
	London singer-songwriter attempts to annex the middle ground between Benga and Anthony Hegarty. [March 2011, p. 96]
	James Blake's most compelling moments come when you can't tell where he stops and the machines begin.
	Using lo-fi digital techniques to play up rough edges and raw emotion, Blake's rare talent is to make music so naked seem unshakable.
	Haunting debut from post-dubstep pioneer. [March 2011, p. 113]
	James Blake transcends dubstep, and perhaps artificiality as a whole.
	What I do know is that at the center of the deafening hype is a fascinating debut, and having spent the last week immersed in it, I suppose I too am willing to invest a bit of hyperbole in James Blake, particularly if it helps convince you to invest a few hours with this uncommonly powerful album.
	Like fellow minimalists The xx, Blake takes from dubstep an awareness of space and silence; he appreciates the power of a perfectly weighted pause. [Mar 2011, p.98]
	In weaker moments he veers into mawkish troubadour territory, but Blake's musical alchemy can be capable of matching the urban, nocturnal beauty of vintage Massive Attack.
	Though it's an album of quiet dynamism with no actual audible screams, James Blake is certainly an album that invites its close listeners to fall in. It belongs to that very unique branch of avant-gardism, nee synthpop and soul (not so much dubstep), that invites in as it perplexes.
	Even at its most impenetrable, the album leaves you in a state of charmed confusion: you frequently have no idea what's going to happen next – not exactly a sensation much current rock and pop evokes.
	Aside from the hype, this album is by no means a feasible breakthrough into the mainstream--there's not stride enough for that. But when it's at its best, it's boundary-breaking.
	For those intransigent souls, there will always those three EPs to listen to. Everyone else can feel free to luxuriate in the wintry delights of this fine record.
	Built for repeat listening, this will keep on giving. Don't you just hate it when the hype is right?
	An intriguing concept, not always fully realized. [1 Apr 2011, p.77]
	Full of airy vocals and synths, the album sounds as if it could lift off at any moment if not for the drum thumps tethering it down. But the beats sound weighty only in contrast.
	In James Blake, the squish-grooved London club throb called dubstep just got its very own emotive song stylist. Blake uses neosoul keyboards, blip beats and layered snips of his heart-starved warbling to create softly roiling slow jams.
	His first full album, James Blake, sounds as if it were made for an assignment in an electronic music course. It's a bit intellectual, a bit process-oriented and a bit undercooked.
	Truth first: James Blake is not a great record. It is a good record, and maybe even a slightly provocative one, in that an album this spare, minimal, and myopic shouldn't, by rights, be stirring the pot so much.
	The rest of the tracks are more like exercises in sound manipulation and reduction than songs. The approach is no-fault, but Blake pares it down to such an extent that the material occasionally sounds not just tentative but feeble, fatigued, even.
	The highs are notable. The problem is, Blake has put himself in a tight box, and when he strays out of it the material wavers [...]
	[There are] some decent moments on this debut album.
	Ultimately Blake isn't yet the singer-songwriter to pull this album off.
	Boldness, you realise, is not the same thing as greatness, and James Blake is not a great album. It has great moments, some of which hint at possible directions after the dust has settled around this release.
	It's perfect for getting some shut-eye, but the boy wonder bores when cast upon alert ears.
	Blake's songs are built around a single typically melancholic lyric and melody that he works over, kind of like an R&B singer, while gradually switching stylistic gears.
	