I'm moved nevertheless by what can pass for a concept album about the romantic life of an uncommonly-to-impossibly strong and gifted teenage girl, starting on the first day of high school and gradually shedding naiveté without approaching misery or neurosis.
	Swift's gentle touch is as enduring as her songcraft, and this musical maturity may not quite jibe with her age but it does help make Fearless one of the best mainstream pop albums of 2008.
	Though they're written by a teenager, Swift's songs have broad appeal, and therein lies the genius and accessibility of her second effort.
	She's 18--wide-eyed, naive, hopeful--and that's how she sounds on Fearless, her superb new album.
	Her music mixes an almost impersonal professionalism--it's so rigorously crafted it sounds like it has been scientifically engineered in a hit factory--with confessions that are squirmingly intimate and true.
	Swift has the personality and poise to make these songs hit as hard as gems like 'Tim McGraw' and 'Our Song' from her smash debut, and, once again, she wrote or cowrote them all.
	The Pennsylvania native delivers another pleasant assortment of precocious pop country on Fearless, a set that keeps her natural polish in the middle of the mainstream road, and sports uncommon refinements for a singer her age.
	Swift may not possess the vocal power to fully sell her more lyrically generic material (Underwood's great gift), but for the most part, this remarkably self-aware adolescent's words don't falter, masterfully avoiding the typical diarist's pitfalls of trite banality and pseudo-profound bullshit.
	She writes everything, and has a feel for timeless songwriting that means she can cover Eminem's 'Lose Yourself' live, and it works.
	Her supple, lightly twangy vocals fit the album's lilting melodies (most of the slick, radio-friendly instrumentation here is purely functional), and her sentiments, though sometimes naive, are refreshingly age-appropriate.
	Mixed feelings are very much par for the course listening to Fearless, a record that does something bland and uninventive but does it incredibly well.
	It's troubling that the album does not show significant refinements of the promise she demonstrated on her debut, but Swift's age still gives her ample time to hone her craft into something more substantial and more sophisticated.
	The music is classifed as country, but it's really clinical pop, enlivened by Swift's confessional lyrics. [Apr 2009, p.101]
	Her giggly peers will find she speaks their language, while grown-ups will prefer her to keep quiet. [Apr 2009, p.110]
	Featuring the best album POP 2008, Taylor makes a nice set of lyrics, arrangements, voice, and beautiful golden curls. This album makes youFeaturing the best album POP 2008, Taylor makes a nice set of lyrics, arrangements, voice, and beautiful golden curls. This album makes you feel like a real fairytale.… Full Review »
	Affecting lyrics, beautiful rhythm. And I can see that this album made of her heart, her true feellings, without affectation. Listening thisAffecting lyrics, beautiful rhythm. And I can see that this album made of her heart, her true feellings, without affectation. Listening this whole album make me feel fresh and happy.… Full Review »
	Beautiful lyrics and sound, you can tell that Taylor Swift wrote this album with true emotion and it's just delightful to listen. "Fearless"Beautiful lyrics and sound, you can tell that Taylor Swift wrote this album with true emotion and it's just delightful to listen. "Fearless" will definitely be one of Swift's finest work to date.… Full Review »
	