The Money Store thrills like no other set heard this year.
	Excoriating as Burnett and Hill are, the real abrasive is Flatlander.
	The Money Store might be the very definition of acquired taste, and will most likely alienate the vast majority who attempt to give it a spin, but it's undeniably an extraordinary record.
	Cynics might call it selling out or betrayal, but the convenience of bringing Death Grips' innovative and destructive sound to a potentially wider audience is, at the very least, a positive thing.
	It's all dizzying and overwhelming, but the sheer brute strength of The Money Store stays tempered by a pervasive, unbridled sense of creativity.
	It's hyper real hip-hop made just in time for the end of the world.
	Death Grips appeals to the knuckle-dragging troglodyte and the smirking smart kid in us: thick-headed goonery and bookish, viscera-free nerdiness, making beautifully misanthropic music together.
	Even its bleakest sentiments and harshest sounds invigorate.
	It provides the kind of visceral excitement absent in so many of those other albums.
	From the second opener Get Got's frantic arpeggiations synths kick-in there's little let-up on a mind-mugging set so fresh even Delia Smith can't test its flavour. [Jun 2012, p.85]
	The relentless macho intensity would be oppressive were Hill and Morin not having so much fun pillaging everything from punk to crunk. [Jun 2012, p.100]
	The Money Store fits into modern hip-hop like a square peg on fire, a 40-minute straitjacket tantrum of vein-popping, slow-flow barks closer to Helmet's Page Hamilton than Harlem's Charles Hamilton.
	This, to paraphrase Burnett, just tore 2012 a new one. [Jun 2012, p.71]
	This is gritty, grimy, hardcore hip-hop, as nasty as it wants to be.
	The Money Store is an important record that's also compelling, loaded with kinetic blows against the empire and fully stuffed with that attractive maverick spirit.
	A soup of electronic interference, exhausting percussion and smothering bass-cloud. It's stultifying like a bad case of screen fatigue; tangled and sparking - the sound of frazzled, short-fusing nerve ends.
	An album that's incredibly incendiary and challenging (while still entertaining).
	The Money Store is Death Grips's next move, and they sound surprisingly ready to engage a wider audience.
	Death Grips achieve the density and intensity of several Bomb Squads, Public Enemy's famous production wing.
	This is punk rock with a hip-hop face-lift, and the merger here is equally trippy ("Get Got") and noisily belligerent ("System Blower").
	Death Grips might not match Exmilitary for style points, but the indelible image of them playing this for label bigwigs is one for the ages.
	Their debut album is even more extreme. [May 2012, p.57]
	While it's more "mainstream" musically, its subtlety will still melt faces.
	The simple fact about Death Grips is they will divide audiences. Some will take to their hardcore pandering. Others will scuttle back to their FM radio stations.
	The Money Store offers a glimpse of sonic dystopia that's utterly convincing.
	The real problem with The Money Store is MC Ride's consistently incoherent mumbling and meme-of-the-day approach to making hooks.
	Burnett's one-note anger may be fine for those who fetishise the punk-rock mode of expression, but the near-total lack of range in his vocal approach is a poor match for the careening thrill of the music, and wearyingly basic.
	