Delicate Casio-toned anthems. [Mar 2005, p.91]
	It's hard to think of a more fully realized album out now. [#9, p.70]
	This is a gorgeous pop album that deals maturely with a wide range of emotions and ideas.
	Set Yourself On Fire could become your favourite record, and Stars should justifiably be many people's favourite band.
	The songs spring from a warm hearth, upping the ante from their well-received sophomore LP, 2003's Heart.
	This stunning third full-length does an incredible job of riding the highest of highs. [#14, p.101]
	Set Yourself on Fire is about breaking up and breaking down, and as such the album feels wontedly cathartic, like the moments right after you hit your emotional nadir and start getting your shit together. Stars handle the mood delicately with few slip-ups; my only complaint is that they never handle much of anything else.
	It takes more getting used to than their previous work, but it rewards even more for it.
	It’s not that the male-female duo vocals make it or even the moments where the group channels the Delgados in their sublime use of strings and horns; it’s more that Stars has gotten tighter since their last outing.
	It's sort of an indie-pop Rumours, sans the wooden balls. [11 Mar 2005, p.102]
	Stars sound confident enough to set anything on fire.
	Like many of the best indie-pop bands, this one is musically conservative. Rather than chase new forms and sounds, the members are content to perfect the mannered pop song, nodding to forebears and fellow travelers, from Prefab Sprout to the Postal Service. [30 Dec 2004]
	In the end, the group proves that its unflinching lyrics and memorable melodies are well suited for songs about warring lovers and war itself.
	The songs are sincere without sappiness and orchestral without bombast. [Apr 2005, p.125]
	Vocalists Torquil Campbell and Amy Millan connect with their audience with the breathy ease of scenester storytellers, sketching out their tales in economical but well-chosen strokes, and the tunes behind them, invariably elegant, are often deceptively cheeerful.
	Aside from the added guitar riffs and post-punk tones, Stars stick with a lush string section and neatly placed horns throughout, and their romantic appeal stays largely intact.
	Set Yourself on Fire is a release of unexpected dimensions.
	Stars rely instead on melody, charisma, and lyrics as sharp as any modern essayist, and it's all they need to sell the quiet grandness of Set Yourself On Fire.
	Nothing short of breathtaking. [#14, p.119]
	Sweet femme fatale vocals, oceanic synth waves and shoegazing guitar riffs abound on these sprawling sound confections. [Jun 2005, p.85]
	Most of these powerful pop songs bloom to match the intensity of the feelings they lament.
	A marvellous little menagerie of smart, eccentric guitar pop full of arty tics and tricks. [13 Aug 2005, p.58]
	Sweet without being saccharine. [Mar 2005, p.124]
	Contains some of their best work, as well as some of their most indulgent.
	Like Ivy and other suave postmodern light-rockers, Stars sounds better in small bites than big gulps.
	Fusing elements of Human League’s sophisticated new romantic aesthetic and Belle & Sebastian’s unapologetically arty preciousness, Montreal-based Stars deliver their most consistent effort with Set Yourself on Fire.
	It’s fairly impressive that Stars could make a record that comes this close to replicating its predecessor while still offering discrete pleasures of its own.
	If this record doesn't quite match Heart, it's a close-run thing.
	It's a satisfying album, and its richness becomes increasingly apparent on subsequent listens. [#9]
	While nothing here quite matches the last album's majestically weary "Elevator Love Letter", Set Yourself On Fire is still quite sublime. [Sep 2005, p.104]
	An album of some considerable beauty. [Sep 2005, p.118]
	It's a little hard to take in one sitting, though downcast fans of Saint Etienne and The Magnetic Fields will find much to adore. [Sep 2005, p.92]
	It's too much risk-free computation and not enough wild emotion.
	