A marked improvement over their eponymous debut, North sounds like Muse and the Stone Roses on steroids. [Jan 2005, p.113]
	Welcome to the North finds the Music's ambitious blend of post-grunge and space rock much hungrier and angrier than its predecessor.
	When Welcome To The North is at its biggest, it's also at its best. Unfortunately, that means that the record's better half comprises the last two tribal minutes of each track and a couple of exceptional highlights. [#13, p.100]
	All that stands between this young English foursome and Perry Farrell-ian Valhalla is a lack of a truly rippin' axman. [Dec 2004, p.124]
	The baggy beats and techno touches that occasionally made their eponymous debut seem slightly forced and naïve are stripped away, O’Brien’s production giving the band a more expensive, professional sound, just as massive and frenetic as the wilful teenage strafing they used to create, but with infinitely more control.
	The Music has cranked propulsive garage psychedelia to stadium-rock decibels. [#14, p.127]
	Fans of The Music will love 'Welcome To The North' but it is unlikely that detractors will be converted.
	As hipsters, the Yorkshire quartet are still total non-starters, but [North] sees producer Brendan O'Brien honing their gonzo essence to more sizeable effect. [Nov 2004, p.138]
	Would be much better if it came with an option to turn the vocals off.
	It may not be clever, but it's big, and unexpectedly poignant.
	Surely, it's not hard to appreciate the intelligent yet visceral guitar work and the unshakable groove... The problem is that it's nearly forgotten once the music ends. [#8, p.116]
	The mix of loopy, Jane's Addiction-style psychedelia and old-fashioned stadium rock is galvanizing at first... but by midpoint, it's merely exhausting. [22 Oct 2004, p.96]
	They have general technical proficiency and a knack for a good riff, but listening to them is nevertheless a chore-- and a boring, repetitive one at that.
	This is the sound of a band in transition.
	It’s not that "Welcome To The North" is a bad listen, but when you get to track six and you still seem to be stuck on track one, you get the feeling there must be more to ‘the music’ than this.
	At their best  they sound like a female Black Sabbath tribute band, at their worst  they sound like slutty old goth rockers. Frankly, neither is all that appealing.
	Does little to extended their reputation beyond that of a band big on amp buckling bluster and low on pop harmonies. [Oct 2004, p.104]
	Too much of Welcome to the North sounds like emo on Ecstasy -- all hot and bothered without much to say.
	The Music generate their songs like a smoke machine--vaguely atmospheric but ultimately lacking in substance. [Oct 2004, p.124]
	This is a cloying record that doesn't so much recall Zeppelin at their height, as The Alarm at their most irritating.
	