Wilco's ace eighth album, the first released on their own label, dBpm, is a real kick in the pants.
	The Whole Love feels like a truly audacious studio record, jam-packed with instruments, ideas, and the sort of restless creativity that marked 2002's game-changer, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
	With The Whole Love, Wilco make noise-pop exciting again, perhaps because the pop part doesn't come easy.
	The Whole Love should make long-running Wilco-ites ecstatic since this is the best and most adventurous set of Wilco songs in nearly a decade.
	Wilco have had their peaks and valleys, but they have never sounded as confident as they do on The Whole Love.
	Quite simply, this is the work of a great band at the peak of their powers, and The Whole Love is a joy to hear, revealing more with each listen and confirming once again that Wilco is as good a band as American can claim in the 21st century.
	An excellent return.
	If Wilco (The Album) was the band tempering their experimental nature into something more accessible, The Whole Love refines that approach and showcases the full range of Wilco's considerable abilities.
	The result on The Whole Love is a work by a group of exceptional musicians who, four years into their collaboration, have melded into one.
	The Whole Love is much more encompassing of everything vital in the Wilco catalog, the twangy, the noisy, and yes, a little of the leisurely.
	The Whole Love reveals itself as their finest album since Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
	The attempt to cross unbridgeable distances, whatever the outcome, defines The Whole Love.
	By unplugging the effects and simply playing, they sound re-energized. [Oct 2011, p.61]
	A warm, spirited pop record that holds its own against everything else in their canon. [Nov. 2011, p. 134]
	Wilco are just doing what they do best, and doing it better than ever.
	The Whole Love easily represents the Wilco's most adventurous and fully realized work in years.
	The Whole Love seems like a celebration of that freedom, with songs that roam happily all over the place.
	It is the sound of a band entirely comfortable and confident with where they are.
	If it's not quite the landmark that was Wilco (the album), it's not far behind, as absorbing as any you'll hear this year.
	It may not be the best Wilco album ever, but with care and consideration it may well turn out to be your favourite.
	While the album is packed with inventive moments, there's no more lacerating skronk, for a very good reason: the emotions the band is mirroring don't call for it. [Oct 2011, p.82]
	If listeners return the love even half as much as the band has dished it out, both parties will be highly satisfied.
	An entire LP of these earthy yet cerebral pop constructs would have been no hardship whatsoever. [Oct 2011, p.92]
	Produced so inventively that it still often feels avant garde, The Whole Love unifies Wilco's leftfield and pop sensibilities.
	Their most adventurous, confident and engaging record in years.
	The Whole Love feels more of a piece with 1999's Summerteeth, the caustic pop opus on which Tweedy sped away from alt-country (or y'allternative, No Depression, whatever) in a car far sleeker (and blacker) than the one Hank Williams supposedly died in.
	Tweedy's lyrics have recaptured much of their surreal, grammar-defying, sinister charm, and he has mercifully spared us the smug, privileged nihilism that Clayton so rightly lambasted in his review of Wilco (The Album).
	The Whole Love has the band giving more than in the recent past, but the combustible musical debate at the band's core seems largely to have ceased. Wilco may still have the ability to thrill, but they've lost the ability to surprise.
	As enjoyable as The Whole Love is-and it's an appreciable improvement over the wan Wilco-it still has some of its predecessor's slight, low-stakes feel.
	The Whole Love is a solid return for Wilco, and hopefully them pushing their sound in more new directions as they have done here, particularly on the first and last tracks.
	As a sheer sound experience, The Whole Love is rewarding, a tapestry of tiny details that invites close listening.
	Once Wilco blazon forth their centerpiece, the remainder of The Whole Love takes a more familiar form that embraces self-assurance, even if those lopsided moments sum the overall experience.
	The Whole Love is, therefore, just another Wilco album. But it's Wilco at the top of their game, or at least close to it, patrolling territory they've made their own and secure in the knowledge that they belong there.
	Weirdness far from gallops across the dozen songs that make up the pick'n'mix bag of The Whole Love though, as the straight up alt.pop of 'I Might' testifies, coming across something like a breezy Weezer packing PhDs and lime-topped Coronas.
	Just like Sky Blue Sky and Wilco (The Album), there's songs that are more ambitious and some that are more successful, but all of them fit as a cohesive whole, just as on every Wilco album so far.
	Some of the album's most arresting moments come as the dust settles.
	The Whole Love proves the band is still moving forward, still changing, even if it's not in the lofty ways we expect it to.
	So the weird, winsome Whole Love is certainly Wilco's least consistent LP in a while, but inconsistency has its own rewards.
	It may not rank among Wilco's boldest works. It could have done with more wig-outs. But it captures the art of the almost with both hands.
	The Whole Love works best as aural comfort food.[#81, p. 60]
	