An enchanting, rhapsodic album of uncommon depth.
	It's not all darkness: The Brighton, England-based quintet offers enough straight-ahead rockers to keep the CD from turning into dirge overkill. [Oct 2003, p.95]
	A riveting debut packed with ideas and invention. [Jul 2003, p.126]
	This is an album of stadium sized melodies and exquisite songwriting, allied with almost too many ideas. [Jun 2003, p.110]
	British Sea Power's vision makes most independent rock seem callow and weak-minded. [Sep 2003, p. 119]
	We hear a lot of different sounds, but are never left in any doubt that they flow together with such fire and skill that you feel they could knock out a freeform jazz number and still sound like the same band.
	Given the potency of their debut, British Sea Power’s Decline can safely be interpreted as a marvelous exercise in self-deprecation.
	With an unlikely rock blend of classicism and narrative, British Sea Power has composed a brilliant album that's nearly perfect. It's not exactly pop, but it might as well be.
	As confusing as it is ultimately compelling. [#61, p.89]
	British Sea Power's slightly camp, wholly menacing, startlingly audacious debut is unlike anything you'll hear this year.
	BSP are an odd bunch: out of place, out of time, and quite possibly out of their minds. But given time to explore the depths of this record, they're also often out of this world.
	An intriguing debut. [Nov 2003, p.108]
	BSP are in a league of their own -- a young band with an arsenal of ideas, the brains to pull them off and the guts to let them loose into the world. [#5, p.98]
	Basically, it's the album they'd always promised us they'd make; consider 'The Decline...' British Sea Power's entrance pass to the ranks of the truly mighty.
	Unabashed whimsy merges seamlessly with melodious garage rock. [Jul 2003, p.100]
	British Sea Power have the talent and vision to be a truly inspirational new guitar band.
	BSP's performance art antics and throwback posturing come with a distinct set of innovations and surprises, and The Decline of British Sea Power proves that BSP have the song-power to back up their bullshit.
	“British Sea Power’s Classic”? Not quite. Not yet. But we can see the high-tide mark.
	While some of their songs deliver nothing more than noisy twaddle, British Sea Power are a formidable band when they choose to simply stop making sense.
	The Decline of British Sea Power is a record you'll probably tell your friends about, but it won't make you into a fervent, foamy-mouthed convert -- at least, not unless you're in a suitably receptive mood and play the record at its optimum volume...which, in case you wondered, means as loud as possible.
	The diverse influences are still percolating, and any sense of cohesive absorption of earlier rock outfits' methods and styles never quite congeal into original expression.
	The mish-mash of moods and modes leaves little from which to gather a theme.
	