Although overdoing the soulful melodrama doesn't beat overdoing the suave cool as decisively as the retro-nuevo believe, the songwriting here is a big extra difference maker, with enough pop moves to lighten the overall mood.
	After factoring in the fictitious post-breakup duet with Ne-Yo (which is more like a verbal joust), the self-flagellating "Holding You Down (Goin' in Circles)" (a collision of oft-used samples and references that does not sound the least bit tired), and the nakedly ambitious "Famous" (where she yearns for girls to want to be like her), it becomes increasingly clear that Love Me Back sprawls and stuns in equal measure.
	Love Me Back is worth so much more than the future classic tag it's been lumped with--it's an instant and self-assured blast of a record, its maker a new star to love
	True to her nickname "Mini MJB" (as in, Mary J. Blige), she's the best kind of R&B paradox: the vulnerable diva.
	There are times when the album relies too much on vintage soul staples, with songs like Stuttering coming across as pastiche, but then the strident beat of Love You Long Time and the Elliott-produced dancehall-influenced closer Luv Back remind you of how versatile that voice can be.
	This Philly-born belter sounds like a direct reaction against the Auto-Tune era, with Sullivan turning her pain into a performance worthy of a vintage Apollo headlining gig.
	It is readily apparent on Love Me Back that Ms. Sullivan is making a huge push at greater mainstream success.
	She finds the plaintive center, the kind of soothing intimacy that almost seems like the way we'd sing to ourselves in times of trouble.
	It's disappointing that she doesn't raise the bar on her sophomore effort, Love Me Back--but she doesn't crumble under the weight of expectations either.
	Her voice is narrow and jagged, with more grain and more tears as she applies gospel dynamics to her venting; the productions use hip-hop programming but aim for soul. While Ms. Sullivan revels in drama, she still has a sense of humor.
	The 23-year-old diva plays a little nicer, adhering to the Mary J. Blige school of gritty, nuanced hip-hop soul.
	