Asobi Seksu are a band possessing talent and ability far beyond their years and with Citrus they have fully realised their potential in a particularly short time. It is difficult to see how they will be able to better this sophomore release, but you wouldn't bet against them having a few trump cards left up their collective sleeves.
	There's plenty of pop tunes here, but there's also enough self expression and leftfield rambling to make this an album of real interest.
	Nearly everything about Citrus is so accomplished, refined, and downright transcendent that it could very well stand alongside Loveless as a modernized shoegaze staple.
	This is electric music in every sense of the word-- amplified, processed, and imbued with a neon glow.
	Citrus is an outstanding record because it doesn't fixate on what makes great shoegazer music but what makes great pop music.
	Citrus is as good a shoegaze record you will ever hear, regardless of release date.
	Where Asobi Seksu's first album seemed rushed, a little too experimental, and at times too loud, Citrus brings the right amount of noise, swirling affects, and sound balance.
	If this isn't the album you are blaring out of your car all summer long, you aren't having enough fun.
	One of the year's best guitar-rock albums.
	Although Loveless and Psychocandy are obvious reference points, this album actually succeeds most on its charming, candy-colored pop songs.
	Finds gossamer dreaminess in layers of guitar noise and static... and a giant scope of influences that trun from the usual Ride/Slowdive/My Bloody Valentine touchstones to The Velvet Underground and Brian Reitzell. [#13, p.83]
	Although Citrus allures with its dizzying waves of sound and airy melodies, the band never let those elements become tangential or spiral off into cul-de-sacs of pointless theatrics.
	While Asobi Seksu recordings have yet to fully capture their live excellence, Citrus is still an accomplished noise-pop album, one that suggests there is plenty of new life yet to be found in exhuming shoegaze.
	That shiver of foreignness adds interest to what is essentially a frothy pop sound, as does the occasionally mesmerizing distortion.
	Citrus is the crossroads where My Bloody Valentine and Sonic Youth mingle. [Aug 2006, p.88]
	