A personal manifesto, WWRS falls somewhere between the Pogues at their most urgent and Tom Joad-era Springsteen at his most feverish.
	World Wide Rebel Songs, is, without question, a welcome call to arms.
	What Morello lacks in subtlety, he makes up for in visceral feeling.
	World Wide Rebel Songs is Morello at his most confident and musically expansive.
	There is a sense of funk and bounce characterised by RATM on display here that gives the songs an underlying sense of conviction on top of Morello's already biting vocal approach.
	From start to finish, you are in Morello's world. It can be dark. It can be cheery. But most of all, it's his.
	Morello's still swinging: "Save the hammer for the Man," he advises on his newest, which includes Rage-style agit-metal and a folk rocker where Iraq soldiers take out their commanders.
	His voice here, a husky and burly drawl not too far removed from Johnny Cash's, is a constant delight throughout and is seemingly tailor-made for launching his volleys of criticism and cries for activism.
	It takes a certain like-minded political sensibility to wholly appreciate both the music and the mantra, but rebels in search of a cause will likely share sympathy for Morello's fervent muse.
	The addition of electric instruments and Morello's nasal speak-singing do make Rebel Songs read a little like a radicalized Dylan. [Sep 2011, p.116]
	Rebel Songs is too much of a mixed bag, though, blaring hard rock on one track, then walking a bass line with chimes on another, then playing solo folk for which this project's always been known.
	While World Wide Rebel Songs exudes confidence, its execution is like attempting to cross too many "T"s with your eyes closed: odds are that you'll get one or two right, but it's impossible to consistently hit the mark.
	Only the electric "It Begins Tonight," righteous of riff and bonkers of solo, plays to his strengths; the rest is like watching Michael Jordan bat .235 in Birmingham.
	There is nothing incendiary here. [27 Aug 2011, p.51]
	As a folksinger, he undeniably blows: There's simply nothing appealing or compelling about his forced, tuneless, featureless vocals, and without a strong frontman like Zack De La Rocha or Chris Cornell, flaccid attempts at rocking out like "It Begins Tonight" render Rebel Songs even weaker than if he'd stuck strictly to folk.
	It's a trifle exciting when you just wanna play something on repeat. Morello 'folks' and 'rocks' his way through a myriad of anthems, soundingIt's a trifle exciting when you just wanna play something on repeat. Morello 'folks' and 'rocks' his way through a myriad of anthems, sounding Dylanesque at times. Solid vocal and guitar as standard from Morello, great snare going on and some choral backing that makes this album so uplifting. Given that this **** album is more electric less acoustic is just what the doctor ordered.A significant addition to any serious music collectors collection.Thank you please… Full Review »
	