Ha Ha Sound is the sort of album that will sweetly move you towards slumber. [#23, p.82]
	Every note, every lyric, is perfect.
	Juggles multiple ideas of modernism with unusual grace and success. [#234, p.53]
	HaHa Sound is a good example what a talented band can do in an era of infinite possibilities.
	Haha Sound may not be Broadcast's most superficially perfect album, but it's a more challenging and exciting one because of its deliberate imperfections.
	In a world supersaturated with electronica, Broadcast are nonetheless bold, rare and crucial. [Sep 2003, p.97]
	While all of the sounds that made their debut so compelling are in place here, Broadcast has also branched out, employing a looser approach to strong structure.
	Trish Keenan's woozy vocals conjure cloudy dreamscapes, and the music will leave you feeling vaguely fashionable, the same way that Stereolab's sophisticated synth work does. [15 Aug 2003, p.76]
	An enveloping, mysterious record that marries the idealism of "the future of tomorrow today" to the stark reality of the post-millennial present and finds beauty and fascination in the tussle between melody and rhythm.
	Although the music of the group has taken quite a few strides forward, it is also once again the voice of Trish Keenan that holds everything together.
	A bewitching fusion of orchestral prettiness and exploratory electronics. [Aug 2003, p.108]
	Overall this is brain music of remarkable potency. [Aug 2003, p.102]
	Never anything less than enthralling. [Sep 2003, p.121]
	It seems that with HaHa Sound, Broadcast is subtly developing a personal aesthetic, assimilating all that comes across their path but rarely allowing the elements to overwhelm their on ideas.
	Broadcast might be the most fully realized electronic band out there. [#5, p.105]
	This whole is a sum of 14 songs that adds up to an estimable artistic much, the kind of album worthy of nestling in for months.
	Ha Ha Sound reveals that the band still have a penchant for 3/4 time, still transcend their cinematic influences effortlessly, and Trish Keenan still conjures wondrous lyrical evocations of unspecific tenderness and yearning. [Aug 2003, p.98]
	Broadcast invokes the spacier reaches of Brian Wilson and Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd, but Haha Sound is a retrofit well-tailored enough to wear a cloak of its own.
	Haha Sound’s music is always competent, and often worthy of Broadcast’s debut album, but it’s disconcerting to see a band repeat a simple formula with such devotion.
	Ha Ha Sound is occasionally brilliant, often adequate and, on some tracks, so bizarrely irritating that the mind boggles at who Broadcast imagine would actually be interested in hearing them. So, in summation, an almost essential album of largely inessential tracks.
	Not, perhaps, the hugest of leaps from 'The Noise Made By People', granted, but that album, fine though it was, was very much parking on specific continental territory; 'Ha Ha Sound', by contrast, feels like it wants to explore somewhere more bearingless.
	It's certainly very cleverly composed and constructed but ultimately sounds aloof and impenetrable and, as a result, somewhat devoid of emotion.
	HaHa Sound's biggest flaw is its total lack of immediacy.
	