Despite relying on too many tricks from the Daft Punk playbook, they prove there's more up their sleeve than just vocoders.
	It's a mess, but a glorious one. [Apr 2008, p.107]
	That this debut tries for so much and almost achieves it all is to be applauded. However, in trying to run before they can walk, DIOYY have missed out on making the classic this could have been.
	The gloriously retro You Have No Idea is what the last Rapture album should of been [May 2008, p.146]
	The synthetics have the heavy warp that most dance floors like to roick, even as they land somewhere between Meat Beat Manifesto, Gang of Four and Ghostalnd Observatory. [Spring 2008, p.100]
	What the disc might lack in substance, it makes up for in some of the best sleazy, synthy, testosterone-fueled electronica since the Prodigy's 'Smack My Bitch Up.'
	It’s obvious, obnoxious and effective.
	Behind that David Brent-derived tag, Reading quartet Does It Offend You Yeah? make music with trashy, unpretentious brio.
	Newcomer electro-rockers produce a hyperactive, ear-decimating album that screams with heavy synth and rhythms, but dies with a lack of inspiration and creativity.
	The only offensive thing about this English electro-rock outfit's debut is how blatantly they rip off Justice ripping off Daft Punk.
	Purporting to be brash and exciting, DIOFYY? offer up an album of decidedly non-offensive electro-pop. [Spring 2008, p.88]
	It’s fair to say that every song on You Have No Idea sounds different, but every one sounds like someone else, too. When everything is added up, it all falls a little short in every department.
	You Have No Idea What You Are Getting Yourself Into is not a record to take seriously, and I suppose on some level it succeeds in reveling in that, even if it wasn’t the intention of the band.
	A shame, really, since there are couple of songs here displaying a melodic facility far in excess of the record’s dumbed-down intent.
	They asked, so we'll tell. Does it offend me? No. Does it bore me? Yes.
	The sneeringly portrentious title and tracks called'Being Bad Feels Pretty Good' or Epic Last Song' would be forgivable--japes, even--if there were a sense of bona fide abandon bubbling beneath the synth squelches, vocoder-shrouded vocals and obligatory cowbell bashing. [Apr 2008, p.114]
	The truth is, this is actually rather safe music. [Apr 2008, p.94]
	So this record's creative and artistic value is pretty much nil--in fact it only just hits competent.
	