As the dubstep/bass music continuum continues to splinter, recombine and reinvigorate itself ... Sepalcure seems to string all of these timbres and sub-sub-genres into a physically and emotionally bewitching take on post-everything dance music.
	As Seplacure takes form, a consistent emotional ground that exists somewhere between stoney reminisce and melancholic introspection is reached.
	Their anti-rave anthems have simply improved beyond what anyone could have possibly hoped for, and Sepalcure is set to turn a lot of heads, in and outside of its constantly argued over genre.
	The whole album is deep and atmospheric, with the right amount of up-tempo treats.
	There's so much going on, all of it so intricately plotted and clean, that you're left to wonder: by the time the rest of the electronic community catches up, what will Sepalcure be onto next?
	Immediately striking on Sepalcure is the grace and fluidity with which these songs are constructed. The album's fifty-one minutes fly the hell by at a breakneck downhill pace and while these songs are infinitely busy they never find themselves reaching or crowded.
	New York duo Sepalcure nimbly incorporate current trends but arrive at a sound-- politely mysterious rhythms put to life by haunted vocal samples-- that's familiar and rich.
	Sepalcure finds its feet firmly in Chicago - past and present - blending early house melodies with the insistent, skittish, deep bass rhythms of the footwork genre in an emotional electronic mash. [Jan 2012, p.99]
	This winning album ... is mannered but also vibrant.
	Songs, though distinct, spill into each other, with heady euphoria tying it all together.
	It's frequently fantastic, weighty, clever and emotionally involving, but strangely polite, and lacking in a sense of overall purpose and direction.
	Deep tech sonics fizzle under analog warmth for this engaging LP, where Sepalcure demonstrate an outgrowth and combination of dub sounds, techno, and house so rife with flashy ideas that it's a miracle it actually works as well as it does.
	The end result is a rich, luxurious take on bass music that could probably have only been made by outsiders. [Dec 2011, p.96]
	From ambient juke to haunting, slo-mo house, their debut album kicks and caresses in equal measure.
	The seamless blend of cutting-edge textures and an obvious deep respect for the essential building blocks of classic techno make Sepalcure a pretty resounding success.
	You can pick out all kinds of wonderful instrumental moments on Sepalcure. It's full of sonic treasure troves.
	It's too cavernous and intangible to dance to but too wired for relaxation.
	Essentially, the music is crafted, beatific but ultimately characterless. [Mar 2012, p.88]
	As a whole the record is coherent, but contrast, juxtaposition and the element of surprise are the missing pieces of the puzzle.
	Ultimately, it's hard to embrace Sepalcure. The record has received some critical acclaim, and as far as stateside bass music goes, Sepalcure deserve the attention. But something is missing...risk.
	