Frontman Tom Chaplin continues to imbue it all with freshness and wonder making Strangeland an inviting place.
	What Keane perfects in these stadium-swelling anthems is the meticulous yet ineffable melodic progression that goes straight for the emotional reflex.
	These UK hitmakers reclaim their wimpy-wistful sweet spot in pretty piano-pop tunes. [11 May 32012, p.67]
	If you're looking for the quartet's usual twist in its sobriety, there's a Sondheim-ian feel to Keane's particularly ardent brand of complex pop melancholy this time out to go with its new sense of directness.
	Strangeland never really lives up to its mysterious title, as there's nothing on it that doesn't feel willfully nostalgic, but like any good plate of comfort food it satisfies in a way that more adventurous meals never truly can.
	Strangeland isn't much of a diversion from their fame-bringing formula. [Jun 2012, p.105]
	While this album will neither shock nor rewrite opinion, there is no denying 'Strangeland' is solid enough.
	Another accomplished, warm, and welcoming record, one whose open-hearted generosity of spirit ultimately proves hard to resist.
	Here is the ultra-Keane album, with tinkling, histrionic, arena-ready piano motifs™, soaring, emotive vocals™ and songs called 'Day Will Come', 'In Your Own Time' and 'Silenced By The Night'.
	There isn't anything as irresistible as "Everybody's Changing" or "Spiralling" this time around, but this is still another smoothly accomplished set.
	Strangeland feels just a bit by the numbers.
	Strangeland is a good but not great album that will be enjoyed by fans of classic Keane, who at this point may reluctantly begin to put down their torches and pitchforks.
	Those glimpses on Perfect Symmetry of something flashier and sexier make this retreat to familiarity a somewhat saddening step backwards.
	Generally Strangeland is all too familiar fare. [Jun 2012, p.77]
	At times it's catchy, but its maudlin ballads and monochrome synth-pop production are also kind of dull.
	While the positive vibe is admirable, there's just not much substantial to grab on to--and few songs linger after the album's over.
	Strangeland is drenched in reverb-heavy piano, Chicken Soup for the Soul maxims and moderately maudlin musings about not being young any more.
	Strangeland marks a sad reversion to Coldplay territory after Keane's tentative experimentation on recent releases.
	While the melodies are stodgy and predictable, the lyrics don't help a great deal.
	Strangeland sounds every bit as dated and overblown as the singles from Cher's "rock" phase.
	