A masterpiece that flows brilliantly. [#75, p.97]
	The band runs through intricately nuanced compositions with the fervor of an inspired jam session.
	It's easy to get lost in the strange balance between delicacy and muscle.
	Yet another firework-filled post-modern work of true art. [#24, p.89]
	This is quite possibly Explosions in the Sky's finest moment. Buy this album now and be ready to have your life changed.
	If there are a few dull moments, that’s all part of recording an album that functions like one extended, magnificent achievement of a song.
	All Of A Sudden I Miss Everyone is an intensely atmospheric album, and stands as one of the band's stronger releases.
	The type of searing instrumental rock Explosions in the Sky has helped put on the map is the modern-day heir of the aural expressionism of Debussy and Wagner.
	Honestly, it's been worth the wait. [#16, p.91]
	Every song ends like a firework finale and fragile chords explain more about the human condition than words ever could. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.78]
	Whether it inspires bosom-heaving, jersey-rending, or chopper-flagging, Explosions in the Sky will have true believers again faint with praise.
	I’m perfectly happy settling for an upgrade rather than a complete overhaul.
	Explosions in the Sky are staking their claim to Mogwai's dark kingdom with an album that, despite being only six songs long, takes prisoner of your head and your heart.
	Trouble is, save for the soft bits being softer and the hard bits being harder, it's practically a replica of its predecessors.
	All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone isn’t the band reinventing themselves. Instead, you’ll have to settle for Explosions in the Sky perfecting their craft, which is nice to hear regardless of genre.
	Well, in many ways it follows the same tried and trusted formula of their previous three albums - dramatic, emotive and melodic, with guitars very much the centre of attention. Yet this time around the band have progressed to produce a more varied collection of tracks.
	More cohesive and less frantic. [Apr 2007, p.180]
	Ultimately, there is real growth here, subtle and unpretentious as it is.
	Call it emo for adults.
	Explosions in the Sky... are like the Kronos Quartet with big amps and John Bonham in the back, exploring the composed details in their music before blowing 'em up.
	The emotional outpouring on display dwarfs what most vocal "emo" bands do.
	Let's just put it this way: Throw All of a Sudden on while playing GameCube, and you'll have the most dramatic LEGO Star Wars experience imaginable. [Mar 2007, p.94]
	For a band whose promise has often outdone their execution, All of a Sudden is their most complex, accomplished and well thought out record.
	Explosions In The Sky are true masters of their craft. [Apr 2007, p.102]
	Transcendental codification.
	All Of A Sudden I Miss Everyone is not that perfect album that reinvents the genre, but it is a primer on everything good about it.
	It pays off big time in places while feeling a bit hesitant in others.
	While clearly it is their best work to date, the purposefully epic moments of the music just don’t hold the same candle to the ones that were found on their earlier records.
	As each quiet-loud-quiet song cycles through its emotional peaks and valleys, the band considerately adds, subtracts and multiplies conflicting elements and melodies to complete the picture. [24 Feb 2007]
	Each winding soundscape sounds like it was made for those big budget nature documentaries with David Attenborough.
	For most bands, a nearly great album would be a victory. But these guys aren’t most bands.
	Think Mogwai at their loudest or a less willfully awkward Godspeed You! Black Emperor. [Apr 2007, p.118]
	All Of A Sudden... rather falls under the shadow of Mogwai and Godspeed You! Black Emperor, but there's ample majesty in its climactic moments to recommend it. [Mar 2007, p.79]
	All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone is the musical equivalent of a late Woody Allen film (possibly a good or bad thing, depending on your temperament): The action unfolds predictably, but the dramatic effect can also be increased by your fondness for and familiarity with the idiom.
	Intense, grown-up and pretty it may be, but this record does nothing to move the whole cathartic/cinematic genre a millimetre further than where it was a decade ago.
	This album rocks harder than 2003's The Earth Is Not A Cold Dead Place, and it's more sinister, too. [Mar 2007, p.67]
	If this is EitS attempting to summarize and compact their three previous albums into one easily consumable package, the results merely drag the listener along through series of “catastrophic” cues that tell them what they should be feeling.
	Their music though—and probably the reason they’re used to such great effect in “Friday Night Lights”—actually feels more compelling as an accompaniment to visual drama, in part because the internal drama of the songs themselves are really specific and their presentation is a little tired.
	Despite their reputation as torch-bearers of the new post-rock prog, it lacks the outrageousness of the ‘70s version of the genre and there’s an earnest sameness to these pieces that render much of it tedious beyond belief.
	