Timez Are Weird These Days is the perfect example of what London is capable of, snatching elements of popular music from across the decades to create a sound that's both nostalgic and refreshing.
	Timez Are Weird These Dayz feels like a welcome cool breeze in sweltering mid summer.
	Unlike the legends of BK past, London doesn't riff on drugs and housing projects, which in and of itself earns him a fair shot. He may be redefining what it means to be a rapper in the 21st century, but it wouldn't hurt if he practiced more rules of the game before changing it.
	As far as remix albums go, however, it's a very, very good one, and for London fans, that should be more than enough to warrant purchasing.
	On paper, everything about Timez Are Weird These Days lends itself to an ostentatious dose of elite, Hoxtonite posturing. But there's substance beneath the style, a welcome human quality to withstand the opulent demi-house compositions.
	There's just no contemporary precedent for music like this. And that might just be the best sign of all.
	Nothing, be it labels or names or even time itself, can hold Theophilus London back from making great music.
	The disc comes off as a finely crafted pop pastiche rather than an innovative breakthrough.
	Timez Are Hard These Days is low-culture pulp with an unrealistic sense of its own sophistication.
	By album's end, the anthems will have you romping well into the next decade.
	It may not be game-changing and it'll be slaughtered by those who have a hatred of hipsters/fun. But it's harmless entertainment, and London gets full marks for what he's best at--experimentation.
	It's the same throughout, London relying on charm over content. But, in fairness, he makes it more fun than most.
	Deep, wobbly bass, twinkling synths, crisp programmed drums and esoteric guest spots by Holly Miranda and Tegan and Sara's Sara Quin seem crafted with blogs in mind, ensuring the album's freshness in the moment but leaving it vulnerable once the hype dies down.
	The 23-year-old Trinidad- born Brooklyn MC's neo-retro hip-hop mashes up TV on the Radio's vocal cadences, old-school break-dance beats and the forlorn melodic tug of a Smiths fan (he dropped This Charming Mixtape in 2009).
	For those who can look past the shallowness of London's re-imagining of the rap fantasy for the American Apparel set, there are some real party-starters here, including two that make clever use of guest singers.
	With contributions from various of-the-moment producers (TV on the Radio's Dave Sitek, Santigold's John Hill), the Brooklyn boho's major-label debut is a painfully hip slice of style-mag electro-soul.
	The way London transcends genres and creates a blend between hip-hop and post-rock is certainly commendable, but there's nothing here that we haven't heard from TV on the Radio to save this album from sounding just a little bit silly.
	Some songs sound like Fleetwood Mac, others could have fallen off the back of a Basement Jaxx album, while hints of David Guetta and Mark Ronson appear throughout.
	London is far more charming when he's given some space and sings, as he does very sweetly in the chorus of "Why Even Try," featuring Tegan & Sara's Sara Quin. Those moments are scant.
	What stands out are shallow hooks ("I Stand Alone"), disjointed memoirs ("Love Is Real"), and the painful lyrical repetition of "Girls Girls $" littering a nightclub-ready canvas. "Stop It."
	