Rather than feeling like a mash-up of their favourite bands--which is no bad thing--album two finds the four-man phenomenon firming up their identity and becoming their own band.
	5 Seconds To Summer are clearly at their best when drummer Ashton is let loose behind his kit and the band are powering through huge, catchy choruses. [17 Oct 2015, p.52]
	When compared to their debut, the maturity of Sounds Good is evident. [Nov 2015, p.95]
	Overall, 5 Seconds Of Summer puts a contemporary spin on early-’00s mainstream pop-punk by avoiding the kind of self-pity, hopelessness, and subtle misogyny that sometimes dogged that nascent scene. More importantly, Sounds Good Feels Good never condescends to the band’s core audience of young female fans.
	5SOS finds a balance in their sound here that feels right for them, and ultimately the accurately titled Sounds Good Feels Good suggests there isn’t actually all that big of a gap between the boy band and pop-punk milieus, and probably never was.
	They should step outside of their comfort zone more often.
	All that retro angst is more rote and less involving than the way its debut tried to square loud guitars with the hooky imperatives of chart pop. In the last several tracks, though, the energy returns.
	Their second LP shows off their musical knowledge and ambition without getting in the way of their own preternatural adorableness.
	The alt-pop band (who share management with One Direction) sound programmed to ooze adolescence until the last drop of Lynx Africa runs dry. There are signs of maturity, however, inspired by the pristine punk of Fall Out Boy and Good Charlotte.
	For better or worse, that same sense of déjà vu pervades much of Sounds Good Feels Good, with the band borrowing liberally from its influences.
	Within the first four songs, 5SOS shout out underachievers, college dropouts and kids battling low self-esteem. They do so with winning sincerity, but even that can’t quite make up for the record’s derivative sound.
	O melhor trabalho da banda, o amadurecimento musical é notável, o álbum é maravilhoso, me identifiquei tanto, as letras são tão boas e com umaO melhor trabalho da banda, o amadurecimento musical é notável, o álbum é maravilhoso, me identifiquei tanto, as letras são tão boas e com uma sonoridade muito gostosa.… Full Review »
	Um dos melhores álbuns de 2015 e um dos melhores que eu já ouvi. É perceptível a evolução deles de um álbum para o outro, é como se nem fossemUm dos melhores álbuns de 2015 e um dos melhores que eu já ouvi. É perceptível a evolução deles de um álbum para o outro, é como se nem fossem os mesmos. As músicas têm letras maravilhosas, instrumentais maravilhoso, vocais maravilhosos...TÁ TUDO TÃO MARAVILHO, O ÁLBUM TÁ PERFEITO!… Full Review »
	this album is so good, deserve a good grade, i love all the songs especially outer space / carry on which is a song that brings me calm. justthis album is so good, deserve a good grade, i love all the songs especially outer space / carry on which is a song that brings me calm. just don't like fly away but i'll forget this trash… Full Review »
	