Jones simply feels more involved in the music on 100 Days.
	Jones’ powerful voice grows more compelling each time through, and every full, round bass note, horn blast and guitar fill the Dap-Kings play is, well, perfect.
	100 Days, 100 Nights deserves every accolade it has and will receive.
	Any of these songs would have been a charttopper in the day. Should be now, too, but that’s another story.
	They sound like they've matured in isolation, developing flavors that didn't exist in 1967.
	That's the magic and power of Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings: their ability to convey passion and pain, regret and celebration, found in the arrangements and the tail ends of notes, in the rhythms and phrasing, and it is exactly that which makes 100 Days, 100 Nights such an excellent release.
	100 Days, 100 Nights makes for a very welcome addition to any avid listener's contemporary soul music library.
	The crowning achievement, though, comes with a fantastic slice of raw Southern soul, 'Humble Me,' that sounds like it came straight out of Muscle Shoals circa 1969.
	The slower grooves still swing hard while allowing Jones to show off more of her impressive vocal range, although it's difficult to say whether her deep funk crowd will be able to handle the shift from the typical shuffle beat barrage they've come to expect.
	The musicians have crafted a lucid soul record (barely longer than a half hour) centered on humility, devotion, and other mature sentiments that are blissfully out-of-sync with pop/youth-centric music.
	100 Days, 100 Nights still speaks to the soul and the depth of the genre's past.
	100 Days is a straightforward progression of rhythm and blues, but on the gut level, well, words like "modern" or "derivative" become fairly worthless.
	The Dap-Kings lent their powerful Muscle Shoals-esque funk licks to Amy Winehouse, Lily Allen and even Robbie Williams. But they work best together in their Brooklyn studio, as 100 days proves. [Nov 2007, p.100]
	It's the range of material that makes 100 days, 100 Nights such a rewarding repeat listen. [Fall 2007, p.80]
	They may not be doing anything especially new, but Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings are the very best at what they do, and they've made another excellent album.
	There's much more to this band and album than the throwback aesthetic. [Fall 2007, p.98]
	The band's reverence for its source material--all horns, Stax/Volt soul and he-done-me-wrong lyrics--occasionally gets so close that it's more clone than homage. But there's no denying the 51-year-old Jones' brutal, Aretha-ish voice
	100 Days, 100 Nights is still Sharon Jones and the Dap-Kings, which automatically makes it slinkier, funkier, and fresher than just about anything out there, including those other discs the Dap-Kings have been working on.
	Her crack band of Dap-Kings have enlivened everyone from Kanye to Amy Winehouse, but their most natural habitat is in Jones' Aretha-like tales of sex, independence, and the good Lord himself.
	Though the fatalistic title number sticks, there's a reason Ellis shares his most memorable copyrights with James Brown.
	The songs aren't quite up to the mark. You can't fault the performances though. [Dec 2007, p.121]
	Elegant backgound music, better live, you suspect. [Dec 2007, p.98]
	The band replicates the surface effect of Otis Redding ballads, New Orleans jams and Motown pop-soul down to the last tambourine rattle, but their material rarely goes deeper than nostalgic genre exercises--which means it never satisfies like the real thing.
	Yeah, this is very pleasant album.
	