Periodically dormant they may be, but it's clearly a tactic that works for Jane's. [Nov 2011, p.93]
	[The] band's strange brew is as striking as ever it was, and is no less potent for being restrained by both taste and age. [15 Oct 2011, p.51]
	Another long-awaited offering finally drops and it's wonderfully enchanting.
	This is the comeback album they should have released in '03.
	Instead of re-creating sounds, they've recaptured the vibe, which is enough to keep The Great Escape Artist absorbing even when it begins to drift.
	Imagination and maturity abound, energy less so, although it bodes well for the next album. [Dec. 2001 p. 127]
	The sound is brand-name familiar but all too settled; the songs place their hard-rock hooks neatly but without the original band's startling ups and downs.
	The classic Jane's rough edges have been smoothed out and coated in electronic confections, but there is a darker, grinding groove beneath that sonic sheen.
	Too much of this lacks the urgent life of previous outings. [Nov 2011, p.89]
	The Great Escape Artist does not dampen Jane's Addiction's legacy, but doesn't advance it either.
	There's nothing here to match the wildly brilliant ambition of their late-80s/early-90s peak, but "Underground" packs a hefty punch, while frenetic closer "Words Right Out of My Mouth" sounds like an ornithophobic Stooges.
	This is a somewhat underwhelming effort, once again pushing any idea of recapturing that lost magic even further towards the back of their cabinet of curiosities.
	For their previous temporary-reunion album, 2003's Strays, these dark alt gods created a superslick din seemingly designed for radio, but definitely not your heart.
	This is a mixed bag.
	While the interplay remains incendiary, the textures freshly incandescent, there isn't much in the way of memorable choruses or hooks.
	Perry Farrell strives for a Radiohead vibe that leaves guitarist Dave Navarro confused (though he gets his on "Words Right Out of Mouth").
	The Great Escape Artist's intricate, heavily lacquered production--courtesy of Muse-man Rich Costey--has the effect of making Jane's Addiction sound like an anonymous assemblage of oversaturated recording tracks.
	The overwhelming impression given by The Great Escape Artist is that they never actually tried.
	Perfectly serviceable, but this band missed their chance to make a third great album decades ago.
	The Great Escape rarely moves past generic dance-floor thump and sway. [Oct 2011, p.100]
	Sadly, Jane's Addiction lost the fire ages ago and are now sleepwalking through the ashes.
	The Great Escape Artist is the least cohesive of all Jane's Addiction's albums.
	They may talk it up as a brave new step forward, but their first album in over eight years can't really be viewed as other than a retrograde move for Jane's Addiction.
	The Great Escape Artist is one-paced, bloodless, and frequently blighted by Dave Navarro's ersatz Edge-isms.
	With Costey's 21st century modern rock production, everything on this album is blown up a dense roar that in its attempt to overwhelm with volume cannot obscure how dull the songs really are.
	Great Escape is a bold, erratic, pathetic attempt to recontextualize Jane's for the 21st century.
	