Avatar is further proof that Comets On Fire are one of the most relevant bands of this decade. [Sep 2006, p.214]
	There is an unhinged, maniacal desire to cross on over into the cosmos on Comets on Fire's (frankly) totally awesome new record. [#21, p.100]
	Avatar may not be as intense or as out-of-loop as expected, but its otherworldy mix of prog-rock and freeform more than lives up to the expectations formed in the wake of 2004's Blue Cathedral.
	Their most accomplished and astounding album to date.
	Solid and gaseous, dark and light in all the right places, this is the Comets' brightest so far.
	Freedom rock at its most liberating. [Jul/Aug 2006, p.116]
	If their ultraviolet jams can sometimes get lost in the gaze, here they're balanced with more crisp songcraft. [Aug 2006, p.107]
	If you're after an alternative summer soundtrack, this is it.
	Even if you only have a passing interest in 70s heavy rock this album is nigh on essential.
	If there's anything to lament about Avatar, it's that its moves towards accessibility, narrative, and more diverse pastures probably won't help to broaden Comets' fanbase.
	Overall, it's less chaotic and noisily rampant, the Comets' awesome creative fury now channelled into structures more obviously resembling tunes.
	Comets on Fire is the band Wolfmother wishes it had the balls to be.
	Avatar... feels like the work of a band bursting with ideas, and with the confidence to realise them. [Sep 2006, p.96]
	More often than not, Avatar is stunningly beautiful, even if the definition of that word needs to expand a bit to embrace it.
	Comets on Fire have continued to deliver the expected attack, but have tempered their forcefulness just enough to make Avatar their most accessible work to date. [Summer 2006]
	It's fantastic stuff. [Sep 2006, p.107]
	Avatar is truly an exceptional record.
	A diverse yet flawless disc. [Sep 2006, p.96]
	Just like last time around, Avatar is something for the plebes, the purists, the dabblers, and the old heads all at once-- a crossover in the best sense of the word.
	Ultimately, Avatar’s change in direction is hardly an unpleasant one, partially because it’s really fun to lip synch “Let it burn / Let it bleed!” while playing the air guitar on your knees, but mostly because it still rocks frighteningly hard.
	Avatar shows Comets capable of a level of sophistication and skill previously unconsidered.
	The one knock against Avatar is that it includes just seven songs, six of which amble well past the six-minute mark, making the album seem bloated.
	Infinite, often chaotic, near-instrumental psych-prog-punk-metal grooves rich with fine-ground detail. [Sep 2006, p.100]
	In terms of sheer intensity of sound, it's as if the Comets of old have been miniaturized and are looking up at you from inside a Grateful Dead lunch box.
	The murky production seems lazy rather than artful; the hard-rock riffs don’t kick as hard as they’re meant to.
	Instead of knocking out another wall-shaking psych rock blast... Avatar comes off like a series of sedate recital pieces performed from sheet music while seated in the round.
	Yeah, they're good at what they do, but what they do is just not that palatable.
	