Breathlessly giddy and shamelessly trippy. [21 Oct 2005, p.75]
	Feels is a near-stunning album a notable amount of the time.
	AC are all about the sometimes blissful, often uncanny intermingling of song and space. [Nov 2005, p.98]
	Feels is a psychedelic wonderland filled with life-affirming warmth.
	To call these songs ambitious would be an understatement. [Oct 2005, p.76]
	Feels is an excellent record, one that, despite a more conventional approach, happens to get better over time.
	A carefully sequenced, fully imagined album--one that's designed to be consumed by people wearing headphones and staring into space.
	This is a wonderful album -- and a significant advance over the excellent Sung Tongs.
	Feels is layered as no other Collective album before it. [#70, p.87]
	Animal Collective have made the album I hoped they’d make, and even that it’s autumn and summer’s over.
	A glorious, noisy, melodic, celebratory release from the ever-inventive group.
	Feels takes the Collective in an exciting new direction, creating the kind of record that expands on the group's less esoteric strengths while also pushing their sound forward.
	It's cosmic Americana as once charted by Mercury Rev in the druggier days of yerself Is Steam and Boces. [#17, p.101]
	The group sounds freer than ever before, almost as though they've never bothered with rock in their lives, and have only happened upon a bare few LPs before beginning their recording career.
	The great achievement of Feels is that it throws everything at every track yet never loses sight of the tunes themselves.
	Feels is a highly rewarding journey into pop music's most primal, earthy, esoteric and ultimately beautiful places. And it's unlike anything else you will hear this year.
	If it isn't as formally shocking as "Sung Tongs," it's still a strong record. [17 Oct 2005]
	Half of the album is rambunctious and full, driving and manic; the other half charms us with melancholic lullabies fueled by a single sip from the purple bottle. The result: With Feels, Animal Collective has created its first pop masterpiece.
	It's a very strange album indeed. Happily, it's also a very good one. [Nov 2005, p.131]
	Swapping campfire cosiness for expansive joy, they sound so accomplished the Flaming Lips comparisons fall by the wayside.
	It's on the sonic departures, though, that Feels strikes its most resonant chord.
	Feels depends on a balancing act between brilliance and whimsy, and some may need convincing that a purposely childlike band... is not twee. [Nov 2005, p.110]
	'Sung Tongs' brought a smattering of organization to the band's chaos, and now 'Feels' finally sees them emerge, blinking, into the sunlight. [15 Oct 2005, p.35]
	Every bit as chaotically charming as its predecessor. [Nov 2005, p.108]
	Feels further confirms that not only does Animal Collective make music different from anything else that’s out there – these folks are also quite good at it.
	Working best with eyes closed and a fertile imagination, Feels plays like a dreamscape of interconnected happenings, some coincidental, some intended, that's as dense as it is languid.
	Although surprisingly self-conscious at moments, Feels remains rife with a triumphant beauty, a bucolic sound that stirs and entrances the listener like a happy secret.
	Feels doesn’t trump earlier, more intimate Animal Collective releases. It’s just louder and messier.
	"Feels" is by far the most agreeable Animal Collective yet, but whether or not that's a good thing is for you to decide.
	What's most frustrating about them is precisely what's most appealing: Their refusal to write traditional songs, coupled with their giggling nature-child personas, adds an air of mystery and makes for some beautifully offbeat melodies. [Nov 2005, p.131]
	Too much of the record seems content to be beautifully languid, but too flighty to really unsettle you. [#11, p.105]
	Unpredictably unique. [Dec 2005, p.126]
	So refined at times it borders on the insipid.
	Despite its many wondrous moments, 'Feels' is not a record for everyone.
	Feels fails to come together as a coherent whole.
	