Yes, it sounds like you're now entering Bluejam, but Lynch discovered the place, and instead of quitting cinema to make an album that's being called his debut, it sounds more like he's coming home.
	He could be a genius or he could be a lunatic; either way, one of modern filmdom's most debated and alluring figures has made an arresting album that successfully translates his visual surrealism to a new medium.
	Although this is his first foray proper into the medium of electronic music, it's a masterful accomplishment.
	Based on David Lynch's reputation, one can expect his first album to be either weird or cinematic. He delivers on both counts on Crazy Clown Time.
	All throughout, Lynch succeeds in taking often innocuous subject matter and turning it into a dark, sometimes humorous, but always anxiety-ridden event. [#39, p.71]
	The album as a whole is neither as crazy nor as clownish as fans would hope.
	Crazy Clown Time isn't a groundbreaking work in the way that Lynch's films are, but that's not to say that there's not a lot of darkling pleasure for the intrepid and the curious.
	Even if Crazy Clown Time isn't as accessible as some of the collaborations that arrived shortly before the album, Lynch fans will appreciate it as another example of his ability to put his unmistakable stamp on every art form he attempts.
	No matter what any of the songs sound like, Lynch stands center stage, his fingerprints over every single element of the music, and the expressive, emotive features on this album create a real response in the listener, from familiarity to icy discomfort.
	He wisely sticks to the spoken word for much of the album, whether delivering the sinister inner monologue of a stalker or a robot-voiced attempt to advocate Transcendental Mediation.
	When the album works, it's truly something to behold, a marvelously twisted effort that acts as a corollary to the warped images Lynch has been creating for years.
	It is a peculiar little record, but it hangs together very well, and makes a reasonable case for his ability to wring something worthy out of whatever art form he chooses to tackle.
	A typically creepy solo set full of warped guitars and carnival-barker vocals. [11 Nov 2011, p.75]
	Crazy Clown Time never succumbs to the weight of its own novelty, and fits in nicely with Lynch's untidy and constantly evolving body of work.
	What this results in is an album that is just as frequently successful as it is frustrating.
	It's kind of cool, kind of confusing, and kind of boring.
	Unfortunately, none of these songs actually feel like songs. Only a few have choruses or any significant chord changes. Instead, they're set pieces, which makes sense.
	Everywhere, tremolo guitars twang, and slow, compressed drums beat out the rhythm of disquietude. [Dec. 2011 p. 99]
	Dense swirls of electronic noise, baleful, twanging gothic country guitars, lyrics that never quite reveal some horrifying secret - fans of Lynch's films with find themselves on familiar ground. [Dec. 2011 p. 129]
	Crazy Clown Time is like a sound painting of oddball modern USA done in the style of Old Weird America. {Nov 2011, p.62]
	These songs lurch, sometimes crawl, through a swamp of woozy synths, twanging electric guitars, and portentous melodies.
	The skies overhead on his debut album are dark and menacing for the most part: this is music to depopulate dancefloors, not fill them.
	This is an intriguing diversion for the veteran filmmaker--not quite good enough to make us want him to give up cinema for keeps, but certainly a new strand to his unique, ineffable vision.
	It's not a bad album as much, but to anyone familiar with Lynch's other work, it's entirely predictable in sound and style.
	The results sound as if Lynch's old protégé Chris Isaak had taken a left turn into lyrical eccentricity, pulsing synths and sinister atmospherics.
	Like a late-night screening of Blue Velvet, it may be hard to get through, but impossible to ignore. [Dec 2011, p.121]
	Lynch handles most everything else here--vocals, guitar, writing, production--creating soundscapes that are dark, unsettling, and often confusing.
	To be fair, if it weren't for Lynch's lacklustre vocals and lyrics there might be a fairly solid collection of atmospheric retro rock 'n' roll here, but as it seems to be coming at the expense of his film career that's still not quite good enough.
	Crazy Clown Time, recorded in Lynch's personal studio with engineer Big Dean Hurley, isn't exactly fart-blank, but this visual master shouldn't quit his day job.
	Lynch, a man of minor obsessions, here explores just one -- quavery, Fifties-style guitar. The result's long on atmosphere and short on anything approaching mystery.
	The whole oddball exercise is almost rescued by "Pinky's Dream." [Dec 2011, p.89]
	Crazy Clown Time is clouded with studio experiments that attempt to hold up weak songs.
	