That sense of teetering on the ledge of chaos, of mayhem fighting melody for control, makes Wild Flag a debut for the ages.
	Wild Flag is rock's first great all-female supergroup album. And it's about time.
	Bouncing off each other like loaded dice, they could make you cry once you're away long enough to think about it.
	Wild Flag is the creator of an absurdly good album, one of the most vital of 2011. Wild Flag is not a supergroup. They are a super group.
	Considering the personnel involved, it's no surprise Wild Flag works as well as it does, or that it picks up in a familiar place. It's just nice when a super-group actually lives up to the title.
	They're not reinventing the wheel, hell they're barely even reinventing themselves, but that's a good thing on this occasion, as they've created an album that will appeal to fans both new and old.
	Alongside the adolescent energy, they also give vent to decidedly adult passions. [Nov 2011, p.93]
	Wild Flag isn't just an exciting debut and one of 2011's most dynamic rock records, it proves that a group is truly super when the personalities involved work together and have fun.
	With the right proportion of leadership and lawlessness, Wild Flag sounds like liberation. Long may they wave. [#81 p. 52]
	Occasional voyages into proggy oddness (Future Crimes)bring some esoteric intrigue to their indie insouciance, but, ultimately, this band wants you to have as much fun as they so clearly are. [Nov. 2011, p. 143]
	A teenage dream of a record.
	The music is tight and telepathic. [Nov 2011, p.90]
	It's a worthy album for consideration should you find yourself browsing in a record shop of a Saturday afternoon and fancy something at once familiar and different.
	Wild Flag sees Brownstein reunited with S-K drummer Janet Weiss, plus Helium's Mary Timony and keyboard player Rebecca Cole in an effervescent celebration of the fun of being in a band.
	Some may describe this album as too raucous and little more than a racket, but it's a glorious racket.
	Every moment of the debut album from Wild Flag gives the impression that its makers--Mary Timony, Rebecca Cole, Carrie Brownstein and Janet Weiss--are raiding their record collections for favourite sounds and having an absolute blast.
	It's a fun-loving, tune-heavy indie/punk/pop romp, with girlie la-la harmonies, a none-more-cheesy organ sound, and welcome vocal echoes of Britpop femmes Elastica and new wave heroine Lene Lovich.
	It's when the outfit really attack their instruments, however, that sparks start to fly from the Wild Flag sound.
	Supergroup or not, Wild Flag hits all the right notes, and not much else matters.
	It feels like they've been doing this for years, and while they quite literally all have, the way they have formed and moulded that sum of past experience into one new entity is nothing but impressive.
	While the kick of recognition of the distinctive styles and contributions of each member is part of the pleasure, the album sounds like the product of a group, of a powerful force of equals. And it's all the better for it.
	There are messages in Wild Flag's music, but there are also challenges to the listener, and to the rest of rock music in general: This band built its own sound out of stock rock 'n' roll parts to make one of the best albums of this year.
	For all the ideological intent fuelling the Wild Flag mission, the band rarely sacrifices the rock'n'roll fun-- they no doubt deliver that elusive black-and-blue, but it's a hit that feels like a kiss.
	Smart and adventurous, Wild Flag does not disappoint. [Oct 2011, p.112]
	These songs are like shit-eating grins from ear to ear, and you can simply feel that they're played with such happiness.
	It's a moment that feels like an emotional explosion – and it sums up everything great about Wild Flag.
	The meeting point for the songwriting is in structures that are pushier than Helium's and less knotty than Sleater-Kinney's - in other words, closer to the garage and to Patti Smith's kind of punk.
	Wild Flag offers odes to volume and youth ("Romance," "Future Crimes"), suggesting the barely contained frenzy of teenagers. It's all the fury you want, but executed with the capability and confidence of lifers.
	Wild Flag is vibrant, essential music on par with anything else these four women have done before. [Jul 2011, p.83]
	Wild Flag is concise but jumpy, perhaps a party record in that sense.
	The first thing they did right was actually to be a band: to write songs, and tour with them, before recording. The result is a tight, energetic sound with elements of punk, heavy rock, and new wave.
	The result is a collection of songs where the choppy, dreamy prog of "Glass Tambourine" can exist within a few tracks of the pogo-inducing "Short Version" and still come off as a cohesive, energy-rush-inducing whole.
	As enjoyable as the album may be, this band needs an audience of excited, cheering fans to transform these songs from 1s and 0s into transcendent experiences.
	Even if it comes out of the gate a little slowly, Wild Flag covers any lost ground by the end, even getting ahead of the game when you consider how new to each other the bandmates are, supergroup or no.
	Beyond comparisons to Sleater-Kinney's past work, the album functions as an intriguing first effort, jagged but routinely promising.
	The problem is that too many of these songs just don't swing - they happen and then they're done, but they don't stick in the head.
	New wave influences are also apparent, specifically when the vocals channel Lene Lovich or Ric Ocasek. These vocal quirks don't always work, and a couple of songs don't hold up to the album's best, but this is a fun introduction nevertheless.
	