An exceedingly triumphant psych-pop oddity.... I doubt 2004 will birth a more blissful sonic encounter than Ta Det Lugnt.
	A richly rewarding passage through the last five decades of American music history. [Aug 2005, p.99]
	What they said.
	The aural face of this album is frighteningly flawless: a technical perfection that only lends to the mythic proportions of the songs, behemoths so pregnant with ideas and so rich in sound that they seem to stretch for miles.
	He has captured a sound that few current artists challenge, and none have mastered to such a degree. Quite simply, Ta det Lugnt is one of the best releases of this year.
	Ta Det Lugnt is that rare joy, a work of art that both demands and rewards your attention.
	The best tracks on this album stand up well against the likes of the Move and the Creation, or at the very least, the Green Pajamas and the Apples in Stereo.
	A classic of modern psychedelia. [Jun 2005, p.113]
	Ejstes... has an innate sense of melody, rhythm and the skill to play some pretty natty fat bass splurges, and psychedelic, peripatetic spider-like drum rolls.
	With the sonic reach of Pink Floyd and convincing, explosive pop in the vein of Rogue Wave and the Apples in Stereo, "Ta Det Lugnt" is thick with variety.
	Year-end best-of lists, you've been warned. [#10, p.106]
	It sounds unfiltered, raw, and rough, and the quartet's mixture of guitar, organ, fiddle, percussion, and flute (Jethro Tull in the house) makes it all the more authentic.
	You'll swear it's a lost tape from a sweet Hendrix-Iron Butterfly-Cream jam session. [19 Aug 2005, p.145]
	Ejstes crafts songs where throwback psych-pop melts effortlessly into cascading soundscapes, jazz interludes, and epic instrumentation.
	It takes Ta Det Lungt a while to lay down its grooves in your head, but once it does, they stay there.
	The immediate reference point would be a Swedish Coral to the power of ten--but it's more mental, more hippy and psychedelic. [14 May 2005, p.67]
	Absolutely endearing. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.101]
	Some of the more stunning psychedelic rock I've heard in awhile.
	Ejstes is a remarkable talent, and it will be worth listening to hear if he leaves his ardently retrograde Dungen identity behind and pushes toward more forward-leaning concepts.
	While it is undeniably a good record, reaching into the stratosphere of excellence at points, Ejstes' overall modus operandi seems more akin to outright homage at times than any sort of exploration of the means and methods of vintage '70s rock and its application in a modern context.
	The songs themselves don't amount to much... but they're basically an excuse for Ejstes's gloriously lysergic arrangements anyway. [Sep 2005, p.133]
	