This album doesn’t bristle with the sonic daring of Dangerfield’s usual work; instead, it offers love songs, largely unadorned with stylistic quirks or brash arrangements, a document of a life pulling into focus.
	He is unrepentantly romantic throughout the album, though never quite twee or overbearing, which is quite a balancing act.
	The entire album was recorded in just five days flat. It may have been knocked off in a spare moment between Guillemots albums, but in Fly Yellow Moon Fyfe Dangerfield has made a very early contender for one of the best albums of 2010.
	Dangerfield was in love and wanted to capture his euphoria as nature intended, and far from being schmaltzy, it's hard not to be swept along by his ardour and emotion; because the songwriting quality is so high, the tunes have an immediate, instant feel.
	On this delightfully scrappy, self-released solo debut, the emotional weight shifts a bit more toward the light, while retaining the shoestring sophistication that makes the Guillemots so appealing.
	Perhaps deemed too conventional for release with Guillemots, Fly Yellow Moon benefits greatly from its uncomplicated scope and stripped-down recording style.
	Dangerfield’s solo foray is a (for the most part) sparse production (it was recorded in just five days), and that extra room is a little jarring at first, but fans of the band, as well as the elusive quarry that is love, will no doubt walk away from Fly Yellow Moon a step or two lighter.
	So, Fly Yellow Moon flirts with, but ultimately averts, disaster by virtue of the strengths we already know Fyfe Dangerfield to possess as Guillemots' principle songwriter: a knack for making bright pop songs on a life-affirming scale, delivered with an infectious and indefatigable enthusiasm.
	A return to the Guillemots beckons, then, but Fly Yellow Moon is still an enthralling and at times euphoric affair. [Feb 2010, p. 97]
	Though Guillemots have never shied from throwing in any musical ingrediatnt they can find, here that tendency makes for an album that, while strong, comes off a little too unfocused. [Winter 2010, p.62]
	There is, too, much, that is pretty and whimsical, but less substantial. Another accomplished set, but the real Fyfe Dangerfield should stand up. [Mar 2010, p.98]
	Fly Yellow Moon sounds like Guillemots with all the wonky bits weeded out.
	Fly Yellow Moon just can't quite solve that old problem: how to be mushy but not mundane.
	His vechile of expression alternates between acoustic confessional and clapped-out pub rock, leaving Dangerfield pootling down the middle of a fairly nondescript road. [Feb 2010, p.81]
	