With R.A.P. Music he's added a must-hear chapter to the hip-hop bible.
	Not only is it essential listening for hip-hop in 2012, but also one of the few records that pushes musical and cultural boundaries in general.
	Mike and El-P may not have made a lot of sense on paper, but it's clear they have great chemistry and they have pushed each other to make some of the year's best music.
	R.A.P. Music, a few slightly faulty hooks aside, is a definitive statement from Mike and a legacy changer for El-P.
	It's easily one of the best albums of the year so far, and has the sound and feel of a classic.
	There's no doubt--R.A.P. Music is the best Southern Rap album since Big Boi's Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty.
	It's his finest work yet, which is saying something, and the kind of record that will resonate for years not just because it's reveres history, but because it understands it and isn't afraid to demand answers from it.
	R.A.P. Music, the sixth album by from Atlanta firebrand Killer Mike, is a stunning anachronism.
	The resulting album is one that is deceptively simple, a send-up to the aggressive cultural awareness of old-school rap on the surface, filtered through a hundred different post-apocalyptic scenarios, musical and lyrical.
	Even putting aside his berserk, imagination-defying technical skill--he stays deep enough in the pocket to get lost there--there's not a wasted breath on R.A.P. Music.
	With El-P's help, Killer Mike has produced his first unquestionably great Album.
	While this record is sure to please longtime fans, it also works as a compelling introduction.
	[R.A.P. Music] feels like the culmination of his unusual career.
	An inspired hook-up that brings out the best in both contributors [Killer Mike and El-P].[Aug 2012, p.109]
	This is jazz, this is funk, this is soul, this is gospel... but most importantly, R.A.P. Music is rap music, as fresh as it comes.
	R.A.P. Music sounds like exactly no other album to come out this year.
	Killer Mike is the Jäger shot of rap: efficient, acrid and totally devastating.
	Revolutionary stuff and absolutely no fluff, R.A.P. Music is outstanding.
	The compilation is short--12 tracks--but if fans are looking for relentless lyrics in their R.A.P. Music, this ATL MC remains a Killer on the mic.
	El-P's production hand never disappoints and is possibly one of the project's strongest selling points. [#252, p.91]
	RAP Music is a self conscious throwback sonically, lyrically and even visually.
	R.A.P. Music is an album that takes the energy of hip hop's rebellious instincts as its heart and reminds us of their importance.
	It's an ear-catching work, more immediate than anything Killer Mike has done since his brief commercial moment of glory in 2003.
	Some of his punditry is pure Che T-shirt prattle, but even when he's arguing that there's no difference between Reagan and Obama, his Ice Cube-style bark tumbles down over harried, aggro beats from indie-eminence El-P and hits like a gut punch of revealed wisdom.
	This music declares war: face-punching, heart-stomping, no-holds-barred conflict for your ears and mind. It's an all-out assault on pop culture and its worldly accessories.
	There is plenty of good poetry waiting below the poverty line; R.A.P. Music ain't it. [Jun 2012, p.161]
	It's a set of two halves whose hands won't hold.
	