The dozen tracks of effervescent, shimmering, faith-based synth pop blend Young's adenoidal, Warped tour-ready vocals with a decidedly '80s new wave flavor.
	On All Things Bright he treads ingratiatingly melodic, lyrically twee, electro-pop territory that will be familiar to fans.
	Owl City's second major-label effort is much more mature, dynamic and well-rounded. [Jun 2011, p.109]
	Even on All Things Bright and Beautiful's grandly titled "The Yacht Club," he laments that his heart "can't harbor this paddleboat."
	Despite it's title and Young's Ben Folds-esque vocals, All Things Bright and Beautiful keeps its beliefs at a distance for the most part. [July 2011, p. 117]
	No fear on this album, none. It's an all-out emotional outpour, from the ballads to the rockers, a focus that makes sense in its own way.
	For the most part, the songs are unable to transcend their cheesiness, turning Young's formula from winning to wincing.
	The 12 songs on All Things Bright and Beautiful, Owl City's third album, certainly demand the audience's imagination -- or at least their willingness to go along with the world Adam Young  dreams up, a cartoonish place where the skies look like alligators, the rivers taste like fruit, and emeralds poke their heads out of every rock.
	Overall, All Things Bright and Beautiful isn't a bad album; it's just not very interesting.
	Featuring 11 miniscule variations on Fireflies, the giddy worldwide smash that put home-studio boffin Adam Young on the map, this unrelentingly wide-eyed follow-up offers more genteel Christian rock reconfigured as techno lite.
	Like its predecessor, Ocean Eyes – an unexpectedly big US hit thanks to its flyweight lead single, Fireflies – this album suffers from a lack of substance.
	Listening to an Owl City song is like speed-eating a box of Girl Scout cookies: You go from tasty to pukey in minutes.
	Soppy nostalgia that bares little else.
	All Things Bright and Beautiful, 12 sterilized laptop clunkers that are indeed bright but far from beautiful. There's no maturity in sight.
	Owl City is electro-pop's unwanted bastard child, combining all the worst elements of the genre. The production is lazy and unbelievably dull.
	