It’s no mystery that the band’s most focused, intelligible, and pop-oriented record is also its best.
	Profound, innovative, and absolutely vital.
	It's exhilarating and rare to hear such bruised raw performances as these. [#242, p.71]
	They now trade in a world of startlingly bleak, matte-black liquid-crystal experimental pop perfection pitched somewhere between John Cage's frightening austerity and the bittersweet squall of Swell Maps. Art-pop doesn't get any more accessible than this.
	Even if you haven't liked the group in the past, you might very well find yourself won over by Fabulous Muscles.
	Xiu Xiu nail their nebulous mix of new wave and post-punk gloom, but also lace their tunes with uncompromising experimentation and emotion. [Apr 2004, p.88]
	The type of minimalism employed by Xiu Xiu creates masterpieces of avant-garde restraint that truly haunt the mind.
	Listening to Xiu Xiu, we become nosy neighbors with our ears pressed against the wall separating us from lives infinitely more fascinating and tragic than our own.
	Fabulous Muscles contains some of the band's best songs since Knife Play.
	Ultimately, Xiu Xiu builds something sacred from tiny moments of pain. [Jun 2004, p.90]
	Angry, desperate, and bleak, but this time coupled with a sense of hope and compassion, Fabulous Muscles is a major step forward for Jamie Stewart and Xiu Xiu.
	Much like the musical equivalent of Todd Solondz or Harmony Korine, Xiu Xiu set out to disturb their audience in pursuit of higher artistic goals.
	Sonically, it's well-tempered between its beat-driven and its acoustic pieces; lyrically, a unique, personal pain drips out from Stewart's whispered vocals, providing the driving force of Muscles' challenging, diverse ensemble.
	Musically, Fabulous Muscles is Xiu Xiu's finest hour.
	It's harrowing and difficult, but occasionally insightful enough to be powerfully gravitational. [24 Mar 2004]
	A disorienting work somewhere between Scott Walker, Joy Division and Matmos. [May 2004, p.105]
	My problem with Stewart, his band, and the new Fabulous Muscles is that all too often his desire to provoke seems like an affectation.
	The musical parsimony, cultural insularity, moral certitude, and histrionic affectations of these lo-fi artier-than-thous promise indie ideologues whole lifetimes of egoistic irrelevance.
	