Wiz's bleary-eyed charisma elevates both radio bait ("Got Everything") and trippy shape-shifters ("No Limit").
	As pop rap albums go, O.N.I.F.C. is beyond solid, full of immaculate production and airtight if simplistic rhymes about money, girls and weed.
	While O.N.I.F.C. doesn't break new ground musically for Wiz, certainly not lyrically at least, his flight won't be grounded any time soon.
	O.N.I.F.C. isn't a great album, but it isn't lazy either.
	The album slightly suffers from copycat syndrome with "Initiation" being the latest in Hip Hop's long line of Lex Luger replications (guest starring Lola Monroe, Taylor Gang's Nicki Minaj soundalike) and "Remember You" following the trend of working with drug chic singer The Weeknd, but Wiz Khalifa mostly succeeds at occupying his own comfortable lane.
	On ONIFC he tilts the balance back--slightly. [Mar 2013, p.111]
	O.N.I.F.C. starts off with "Intro," a Cardo and Sledgren joint that sums up the production: 808 drums, skittering hi-hats and saccharine melodies, although the atmosphere is meaner than Rolling Papers.
	For someone so relaxed, he certainly sounds at odds with much of this album; even the warm, enveloping production, primarily by ID Labs, doesn't loosen up his stiff flow at all.
	What works for Wiz is crafting similar songs to perfect the Taylor Gang aesthetic.
	O.N.I.F.C. lands somewhere between the growing pains of an artist forced to develop more quickly than he's ready to and material simply less inspired than the hungrier, more excited sounds that came before.
	The beats, by Pittsburgh homeboys ID Labs and others, whip up aural smoke billows, and Khalifa's are just off-kilter enough to give you a contact high.
	Wiz doesn't often come across as having much of direction, but things like that are what make him strike as more lost than ever here.
	On O.N.I.F.C. Khalifa splits the difference between his druggy muse and his pop obligations, without much interest in finding a middle ground.
	O.N.I.F.C., his second major label album, is a resounding misstep, and it's the first sign that Khalifa's unwavering focus may be getting swallowed up by the haze.
	Even a late appearance from The Weeknd can't save this omni-tonal snoozefest.
	Success seems to have dulled his considerable rapping talent.
	Wiz himself is most notable on O.N.I.F.C. for his curious decision to ape the most grating aspects of (his fiancée's famous ex) Kanye West's flow.
	Surprises are few and far between.
	He's less dexterous and creative on this interminable 17-song, 73-minute disc as he indulges in all of rap's worst impulses.
	Clinging to the guest stars is crucial to getting through this thing--pros like Courtney Noelle provide basic hooks where the headliner's own horrible mantras ("I got so much," "Fall asleep") fail completely.
	