Honestly isn't too different from Painters. [Listen 2 This supplement, Nov 2003, p.39]
	The bottom line here is that Kozelek's aesthetic with Sun Kil Moon may not be radically different than his RHP project, but it is moving, graceful, and consciously beautiful.
	Ghosts of the Great Highway represents an expansive, continent-traversing narrative that evokes the literary style of John Steinbeck and the vivid imagery of everyday American life captured in the watercolors of Edward Hopper.
	A gorgeous record brimming with unhurried songs. [#61, p.108]
	Ghosts of the Great Highway easily ranks among the very best of Kozelek's dense discography, and it seems fair to suggest that it will become the measuring stick against which any future non-Red House Painters material is compared.
	It's like everything that has always been great about the Red House Painters made a notch or two more exciting in the studio.
	For the first time, Kozelek has put out an album whose meticulous sequencing yields more than just a random scattershot collection of great songs, but rather a complete cohesive musical statement.
	The net result is a crisp, sometimes crunchy, and often lush collection of songs that show Kozelek at his best since... Songs for a Blue Guitar.
	Ghosts Of The Great Highway is all soft spots but no weak spots.
	Ghosts of the Great Highway is one of those albums that you want to have around for when life gets you down.
	A record where mature contemplation and a relative flexibility triumph over despondency and formula. [Mar 2004, p.94]
	With Kozelek's compelling ache of a voice to the fore, his star deserves to wax anew. [Mar 2004, p.113]
	Ghosts of the Great Highway is propelled by excellent songwriting, rich, heartfelt vocals, and solid musicianship.
	[Kozelek] has never sounded more inspired, achieving a rich balance of haunting atmosphere and twangy grit. [Feb 2004, p.101]
	There are a few peaks, not much in the way of valleys, and although it's not the best work by Kozelek, it's still pretty damn good.
	A refreshing slice of acoustic rock from an indie icon. [Nov 2003, p.114]
	Kozelek remains as inscrutable as ever, but he avoids the archness that sometimes infected his earlier work. [27 Nov 2003, p.92]
	With a snoozilicious country-rock sound that makes even the Eagles seem crisp by comparison, Kozelek appears to have temporarily mothballed his greater sonic ambitions and opted instead for a niche as a latter-day Mazzy Star for boys.
	