A true supergroup -- a set of songs that might be superior to either group's work separately.
	Manages to artfully encompass all that sucks about post-pubescent life... within an exquisite ball of heady poetry, cold composition, and the kind of warm brilliance that comes from only the most inspired of collaborations. [#15, p.96]
	It's an unusual back-and-forth that delivers rapturous results on the seven piece band's sophomore record Own Your Ghost.
	A shiny gem of a record. [#9]
	The members of 13 & God have created a genuinely rewarding record that is better than the sum of its parts.
	A creeper, an album of broad gestures that reveal vivid, flickering details over time, its pleasures unfolding as what it actually is gradually erases speculative notions of what it might be.
	Exactly what you'd expect from the involved parties. [May 2005, p.138]
	In execution, 13&God is a surprisingly sombre album that'll appeal to fans of forward-thinking hip-hop and beyond.
	This is anticon at their most approachable and reflective and should be filed on your shelf somewhere near Dosh, Boards of Canada and Arcade Fire.
	It wouldn't be inconceivable to describe 13 & God as the predictable outcome of a Notwist/Themselves collaboration, but, considering the degree of originality demonstrated, this is by no means a shortcoming.
	Certainly worth investigation. [Jun 2005, p.102]
	This intriguing, relatively mild entente between elegiac melodicism and freeform lyrics has many moments of quiet innovation. [#256, p.63]
	While there's a sense that both artists went a bit too heavy on dark atmosphere, given that both usually inject more whimsy into their creations, 13 & God is still a consistently intriguing, frequently beautiful experiment that offers ample rewards with each new listen.
	Fans of each respective artist may scratch their head a bit when first hearing 13 & God, but it will mostly make sense after awhile. If it doesn't, it's probably not supposed to.
	This is the kind of one-off collaboration that will have fans hoping for a follow-up, because you get the feeling these highly talented musicians have barely scratched the surface.
	A winning combination. [Jun 2005, p.120]
	13&God represents less a marriage of rock and rap than it does a meeting of weird with slightly-less-weird.
	While it's a coalition of fantastic talents, Themselves submit to the expectations of a pussy glitch-pop crowd, and the Notwist mistakenly assume that hip-hop fans don't want songs with dynamism or structure.
	It's unfortunate that 13 & God neither succeeds nor fails.
	This is an awkward pairing -- there are a number of nice moments, but many haven't been fully developed, and seams divide them.
	