Thanks to instantly addictive compositions, Noir's aural power is n o longer a secret. [25 Apr/02 May 2008, p.117]
	Jim Noir works brilliantly on an escapist level, even though it rewards more active listening.
	The final result sounds like the perfect accompainment to a Michel Gondry film: endlessly craetive, ceaselessly ambitious, yet extremely accessible at thge very same time. [Spring 2008, p.103]
	The only problem with the record is that there are no stand-out tracks.... That could be a fatal flaw except that the overall quality of the record is so high and the sound is so perfect, you don't feel like there is something so terribly important missing.
	His continually entertaining and tuneful approach should pick up many more fans over the summer, and those that found their way in through tracks such as 'Eany Meany' won't be in a hurry to up sticks either.
	It brims with psychedelic electro-pop of the most inventively buoyant and sweetly retro-futuristic kind. [May 2008, p.106]
	Jim Noir offers fans a more cohesive grouping, with increasingly complex melodies and a thematic unity that ropes you in, then ties you down. [Spring 2008, p.80]
	There's a naivety and nostalgia to his evocation of woozy times on Northern beaches that is uniquely loveable--the perfect music for a summer's day. [May 2008, p.140]
	Overall, this is as disarming and wide-eyed a pop record as you’re likely to hear all year.
	It is Noir’s skills for arrangement and sequencing that allow the narrative to successfully play out.
	His sophomore outing sports a looser feel tha his '60s obsessed debut "Tower of Love," adding slightly funkier grooves and hints of electronica to the mix--though the layered, cascading vocals still srecall Brian Wilson at his nuttiest. [May 2008, p.106]
	Jim Noir puts its creator’s persona right out there; love it or ignore it, it won’t be the last you’ll be hearing of this singer-songwriter.
	The result is a cache of songs that are somewhat transposable with one another, but they’re undeniably well-crafted pieces of music, let alone psych-pop.
	A pleasantly surprising album then that will hopefully earn its creator his fair share of deserved recognition.
	A fun day out only slightly marred by clinical execution that lacks the emotional tug that lovers of this vintage seek. [May 2008, p.102]
	