Wainwright's barbed lyrics about love and relationships sound like she scrawled them on a whiskey-soaked night. [22 Apr 2005, p.62]
	Wainwright exhibits a rare talent as a confessional singer/songwriter; her album is an impressive, not to mention emotive, first LP from an ambitious artist unwilling to cling to her family’s famous coattails.
	Her voice is a thing of wonder. [Apr 2005, p.123]
	Her songs are tough and earthy, hating mere prettiness when fieriness or forcefulness are required.
	Martha takes the golden era of folk and mixes it with modern thematic flair. [#9]
	She's just as acute as [Rufus] is, as centered on the poetry within the profane, as able to write songs whose meanings stay kept behind doors within doors. [May 2005, p.125]
	Packed with brilliant, bohemian songs that combine affecting lyrical honesty, beguiling melodies and a voice that has a touch of Alanis Morissette. [May 2005, p.96]
	Though accenting the vulnerability her vocals naturally possess, she manages world-weary honesty and summoned strength rather than contrived sentimentality.
	It's her fierce nature -- whether saucy and confident or just plain wrecked -- that makes every twist and turn of this impressive debut so easy to fall in love with.
	This is special, many-layered stuff. [May 2005, p.108]
	Martha has proven to be not just a worthy pupil of such domestic tutelage, but a musician of equal caliber.
	Martha Wainwright proves Martha Wainwright has a strong, distinct, fully formed musical identity, which would be just as impressive by any other name.
	Imagining an all-acoustic version of Martha Wainwright hints at the true potential lurking beneath the strings and high-calorie programmatic flourishes that, while undeniably pretty, detract unnecessarily from the eponymous focal point.
	Her walk down the dark side of life and love is often heartbreakingly upfront. [10 Apr 2005]
	It shows off a fantastic songwriting talent, if not conveying the live magic.
	Nothing on her self-titled debut full-length is "genius" or "brilliant," but the material is consistently well written and occasionally very good.
	She's not easy-listening: Martha hisses and purrs, fearlessly articulating anxiety with a lurid charisma.
	A confident and accomplished debut, and a pleasant, agreeable diversion.
	While the material may not translate terribly well into the live milieu, this debut is the perfect accompaniment for an intimate evening spent at home with candles and wine.
	Some of Brad Albetta's production veers toward generic pop and threatens to bury both Wainwright's distinctive voice and her lyrics. [Apr/May 2005, p.131]
	