With a solid emotional through-line and a few sonic surprises, Cinder is a musical novella, whose narrative compels you to its last luxurious line.
	This time around, you can sulk and tap your toes. [14 Oct 2005, p.155]
	It would be a lie to say some of Cinder doesn't seem ramshackle. You can tell the difference between a song carefully arranged and one in which the band's three members appear to be improvising in the studio.
	This is the Dirty Three as you have never heard them before.
	Chan Marshall adds an autumnal tint to Great Waves, but it's far from the high point. The frantic, abrasive Flutter, or heart-melting closer In Fall don't need vocals: their wild poetry is beyond words.
	Cinder proffers the majestic sweep of a nature documentary. [Nov 2005, p.208]
	Dirty Three have become increasingly proficient at speaking a private musical language in public. [22 Oct 2005, p.41]
	An album of gauzily reflective--but engrossingly atmospheric--pieces. [Nov 2005, p.108]
	Cinder feels less like discrete tracks and more like a river of song bearing you effortlessly from one sublime moment to the next. [Dec 2005, p.115]
	It has a beautiful simplicity that belies its sophistication.
	Cinder isn't an album that wallops you over the head at any points, but wins you over with steady and solid songs.
	This is a step forward, and the new studio approach is a constructive development.
	It's Dirty Three as they've always been, testing their limits, but still producing some of the prettiest and most artful music around.
	It still has the signature guitar-drums-violin approach, but there are subtle variations that make this a different record.
	Contains more than its fair share of exquisite melancholy and careering abandon. [Nov 2005, p.123]
	The album's meandering latter stages drag a little, but overall Cinder provides a grand musical landscape. [Nov 2005, p.114]
	A good record for a late night spin when you're feeling all moody and introspective. [#11, p.114]
	This album more than any other swiftly dispels the notion that the trio are condemned to register wary introspection through brooding atmospheres.
	If much of it is merely pretty, this is easily the most diverse and wide-ranging Dirty Three record yet, absolutely the right thing for them to be doing at this time.
	The album feels underwhelming.
	Cinder keeps things reserved, letting the sad-eyed melodies teeter around the room at a drunkard's pace.
	