With soft electronic rhythms and tape loops bubbling under, her impassive voice lays out rich lyrics as melodies build and explode around standout tracks like "Galaxies" and "Parisian Dreams."
	The songs don't float off into space; the strumming guitars and subtle electronic effects give the fantastic lyrics an earthy feel, rather than lifting them into the air.
	A rare combo: thoughtful and hummable. [9 Sep 2005, p.145]
	Showcases her luminous vocals, rich lyrics and subtle arrangements. [Sep 2005, p.120]
	Through it all, Veirs' voice remains intimate but deadpan -- a la Suzanne Vega. [Sep 2005, p.96]
	It can suggest Suzanne Vega's studio work, Neil Young's Crazy Horse or the latter-day Wilco. [22 Aug 2005]
	Year Of Meteors is no flat-out masterpiece.... Still, Veirs is clearly moving in the right direction. [Sep 2005, p.102]
	Year of Meteors isn't the sound of ground being broken; it's an artist growing ever more confident, but never overly comfortable, in her style.
	Veirs hasn’t given us anything strikingly original with Year Of Meteors, but there’s something to be said for working within the confines of a given genre and excelling at what that entails.
	Veirs is maybe the gazillionth iteration of the quiet voice and plucked guitar, but she serves as a potent reminder how variable and compelling that combination can be.
	Where this release stands out is in overall sound and songwriting.
	Deep meaning and well-crafted pop.
	Even if it's more consistently very good rather than sporadically startlingly excellent, there are lines to treasure in every song.
	Sounds like a collection of songs poised to steal the heart of anyone with a bruised soul. [17 Sep 2005, p.58]
	A folk-schooled reverie with a dark undercurrent.
	The record's strengths are mostly atmospheric. [Oct/Nov 2005, p.144]
	Sometimes this more expansive, substantial sound works to very good effect.... Where it doesn't is when it messes with two of Veirs' greatest assets: her haunted lyrics and haunting, Cat-Power-trapped-in-a-deep-well voice.
	