Undeniably and increasingly danceable. [#16, p.148]
	A disc packed with so many surefire club-ready hits it'll be impossible to avoid these jams over the next year.
	Hurries from one strangely unsatisfying sparkle to the next. [5 Jun 2005]
	Monkey Business is just as bright if not quite as fun as Elephunk.
	You'll keep looking for songs with more depth than "Ba Bump," only to find that they're basically all at that level.
	If anything, though, this pop machine is too tightly drilled. [Jul 2005, p.94]
	Monkey Business proves that less could have been more. [Jul 2005, p.110]
	It's zany, antiseptic kitsch, like the soundtrack to the ultimate Old Navy commercial.
	A bland meringue. [3 Jun 2005, p.81]
	On track after track, The Black Eyed Peas boast about their prowess to get people dancing better than anyone else. In so doing, The Black Eyed Peas come of as so... unoriginal.
	So safe and sanitised it makes The Fugees sound like NWA.
	What the group made sound effortless in the past sounds strained and canned here.
	The Peas give fun a bad name. [Jul 2005, p.104]
	The lyrical inspiration has evaporated.
	There's nary an original note on the entire album.
	What initially feels jubilant soon turns grating. [Jul 2005, p.115]
	They fare less well when they get ambitious. [Jul 2005, p.112]
	Perhaps it was inevitable that a group like this would eventually emerge, peddling an energetic but inoffensive variant of hip-hop. But did we have any way of knowing that the results would be so unpleasant? [6 Jun 2005]
	The group's vaunted eclecticism starts to feel random and jittery, the mark of short attention spans and an inability to maintain a cohesive tone. Furthermore, the Peas' lyrics--already their Achilles heel--have somehow managed to devolve even further.
	They are to hip-hop what No Doubt was to ska.
	Something lacks in this one, but not something huge. This album still rides on Pump It, Don't Lie, Don't Phunk With my Heart, and more. NotSomething lacks in this one, but not something huge. This album still rides on Pump It, Don't Lie, Don't Phunk With my Heart, and more. Not only good hip hop, but good music to move to.… Full Review »
	The Peas need to reevualate their career after this awful blank sounding cd.
	This has GOT to be The Peas' best album! I loved it instantly upon hearing it - except for My Humps which is a lousy song but it can be easilyThis has GOT to be The Peas' best album! I loved it instantly upon hearing it - except for My Humps which is a lousy song but it can be easily dismissed. Don't Phunk With my Heart was the song that won me over to the Peas and Don't Lie and Pump It aren't far behind. James Brown's work on the album is quite remarkable - R.I.P. This album has a great mix of rap songs of all sorts and it is impossible to dislike so I recommend you go get it!… Full Review »
	