'Mesmerize' is a frantic, frenetic brutal assault on the senses. It mashes up the most intense hardcore, the fiercest fire-starting punk rock with ridiculously complex riffing that’s like amphetamine prog.
	You'll be left wondering why other bands aren't so daring.
	It's heavy and hooky. [20 May 2005, p.73]
	Mezmerize doesn't fail to be unique.
	There is no other hard rock band around who can match the audacity, intensity, progressive nature, and accessibility of System of a Down, and with Mezmerize, they've simply topped themselves.
	Even if "Hypnotize" is simply more of the same, with SOAD operating at such astonishing creative and emotional heights, it'll still leave every other metal band on the planet scrabbling in the dust.
	Rarely are albums this thrillingly original. [Jul 2005, p.120]
	Tankian remains the sort of agitprop trickster whom partisans on both side so fthe aisle are wise to distrust. [Jul 2005, p.101]
	Confirms System Of A Down as one of the most innovative bands in modern rock. [Jun 2005, p.110]
	If you want it to be, it's brilliant. It's also a record so ambitious, so angry, and so mad-as-a-goose that there are otherwise intelligent people who will hear it once and straight away deem it an interminable racket. [30 Apr 2005, p.61]
	Perhaps they're settling into their identity... Fast and furious often, melodic often, powerful often, diverse always.
	Mezmerize should be enough to keep A.D.D.-ers occupied for six months.
	Mezmerize is on par with 2001’s Toxicity as SOAD’s best offering to date.
	Mezmerize works as a synopsis of the most effective weapons in the band’s arsenal.
	Mezmerize's strongest moments are when the band drops the eccentricities and just rocks out.
	Who'd have thought you could describe a metal band as "intriguing"?
	At its reckless best, which is a lot, Mezmerize is thrilling confrontation, a graphic reflection of a nation tearing itself apart in anger, fear and guilt.
	While "smarter than most metal" sounds like faint praise, it may be the best way to describe the faintly praiseworthy System Of A Down.
	There’s no filler here; there’s barely space for a spare breath. But amidst the bombast, there are a few moments of clarity, and though fleeting, they’re certainly worth the wait.
	