It's an album that feels like a watershed somehow, a significant step onwards.
	It's difficult to imagine how Badly Drawn Boy could've improved on The Hour of Bewilderbeast any better than this astonishing work.
	With About a Boy, Badly Drawn boy has grown up.
	A gorgeous, (let me say it again) gorgeous album that totally stands on its own.... About a Boy is one of the best albums of the year.
	A mix of songs and themes balancing obsessive craft with flippant style. [3 May 2002, p.89]
	A vibe of maverick playfulness married to fabulous tunes. [Apr 2002, p.106]
	A collection of stylistically diverse tunes that is cohesive and refreshing. [Jul 2002, p.76]
	Somewhere within the radio-friendly, xylophone-banging tracks, Badly Drawn Boy finds space for artistic experimentation and growth.
	Ambition, imagination, charm and grace - by any measure, 'About A Boy' hits the heights.
	Badly Drawn Boy pulls off the job with panache, tipping his hat to Nick Drake, Burt Bacharach and acoustic-era Bob Dylan. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.103]
	About a Boy is that rarest of bewildering beasties, the soundtrack that stands by itself.
	The songs lack the emotional depth of Bewilderbeast, but the jaunty folk-pop is just so much fun.
	The seemingly effortless confidence displayed throughout is startling. [Apr 2002, p.108]
	The songs on About a Boy are all exactly what we've come to expect from Gough, and the disc's lack of cohesion is its only real failing.
	It's not all pleasant.... However, there are some total gems, as you'd expect.
	If About A Boy doesn't quite have the anything-can-happen vibe of Bewilderbeast, it still reveals a remarkably gifted artist.
	The movie-cue instrumentals, underdeveloped sketches and an incongruous fake cop-show theme prevent About a Boy from fully holding together as an album, but at the core of this soundtrack are some elegant, fully realized songs.
	Light and airy, pretty in parts, but devoid of muscle, grit or originality. [May 2002, p.96]
	Every card Gough plays is painfully transparent from the first time you play the disc. It's elementary stuff. It sounds manufactured, refined, cosmetic and sterile; in a word, silicone, like a pair of Badly Sculpted Breast Implants.
	