An honestly fun summer disc. [Jun 27/Jul 4 2003, p.136]
	Even if the divorcée flirts with being Sheryl Crow-y bland now, she can still let whip-smart lyrics flow with her potty mouth.
	Beneath the highlights, she's still a messy troublemaker whose brain is as spicy as the rest of her body. [#17, p.146]
	Phair is a fine lyricist, and although she's lost some musical identity, she's gained potential Top Forty access.
	Boilerplate MOR.... But what Liz Phair delivers is authenticity. [Jul 2003, p.107]
	She doesn't sell out so much as she sells herself short.
	There's nothing wrong with a change of pace, but there's a startling lack of depth in either the words, which are entirely too literal, or the music, whose hooks are at once too obvious and not ingratiating enough.
	The songs left over from the original, non-Matrix album form the emotional core of Liz Phair and make it worth hearing.
	[A] slickly produced holding pattern. [Jul 2003, p.122]
	Mostly you're left with the sensation that the quickie you so hotly anticipated wasn't what you were looking for after all. [Sep 2003, p.104]
	Embarrassing. [Dec 2003, p.134]
	Thematically uninspired and painfully boring.
	Worst of all, the album closes with three decent songs, reminders of Phair's talent that are muted by what's come before.
	Even the non-Matricized songs are full of useless keyboard riffs, tacked-on guitar solos and loads and loads of overdubbed Lizclone background singers. Never before has so much work been put into making somebody sound so ordinary.
	Upon hearing the endless barrage of banalities on Liz Phair, it's hard not to feel scorned by the trite and shrill pop songwriting. [#5, p.106]
	Where she used to be smart and provocative, Phair has become crass and bloated, her lyrics crude and her image apparently a grotesque exercise in self-parody.
	This is turgid, formulaic guff. [Nov 2003, p.114]
	A highly overproduced, shallow, soulless, confused, pop-by-numbers disaster that betrays everything the woman stood for a decade ago, and most heinously, betrays all her original fans.
	For what it is, it may in fact be quite good. But, to her discarded fans, at least, she's given the ultimate finger.
	There’s a glistening veneer of contented happiness coating the record, as if some adult-oriented radio programmer gleefully shat on it, but the tragedy is that Phair is wholly complicit in this utter waste of talent.
	Liz Phair proves so ultimately unnecessary, it might as well not even exist.
	