45:33 deftly segues from the smooth funk favored by Levan to synth-pop and Talking Heads-style polyrhythms before opening into serious space-party territory.
	LCD mastermind James Murphy took a lot of flack from indie didacts for aligning with Nike last year, but it's worth asking, no less now than then: Who else would make this good on a payday premise that just as easily could have been phoned in?
	45:33 works both as exercise-soundtrack and discopunk-odyssey because James Murphy understands how to make people move on a basic, physical level. [Review of UK release]
	It is an expertly crafted and detailed work which accomplishes total immersion in the listener. [Review of UK release]
	I can attest that the music really does move forward similarly to my own metabolism, gradually building, holding a modest climax in the middle, and ending on a long, fluffy comedown. [Review of UK release]
	You can hear an early, instrumental version of 'Someone Great' here, and it's pretty melody, twinkling xylophones and pulsing synths are mesmerising enough to take your mind off the pain of physical exertion.
	Commissioned by Nike as an exercise mix for iPods, this euphoric, largely electronic set finds Murphy adapting DJ dynamics for the running machine.
	Despite its branding as work-out music, 45:33 feels more like an amazing club DJ set than something to quicken one's pace on the treadmill. [Review of UK release]
	A sleek melding of soul, disco, techno, Eno-esque ambient, gospel, and hi-NRG electro.
	If you already have the original download from last year, there isn't a ton here that's really alluring, although the three bonus tracks are all pretty good in an of themselves. If you haven't yet heard this one, its by all means time to pick it up.
	LCD Soundsystem's many fans will want this principally for the bonus tracks but will probably already have the rest of 45:33.
	45:33 is loads of fun, a satisfying folly that's as central to an appreciation of "Sound Of Silver" as the lyric sheet.
	The pace of the album (or, more accurately, the "file") is intriguing, and even though it doesn't top the band's best work, any iPod owner should be proud to have 45:33 in the library. [Review of UK release]
	45:33 is as much gallery-crawl as beach-run; purpose-built in gliding tempos and warm-down synth shimmers for iPod-strapped runners, yet appropriate for a cruise through the Whitney, too. [Review of UK release]
	