A statement for all of the limp new rave pretenders to pack up and fuck off, a return to form rarely sounded or felt so exciting.
	The Prodigy has been treading water for a few years, most likely looking for the inspiration, sentiment and spooky samples which they now unleash on Invader Must Die--a treat for anyone with a thirst for the twisted and ferocious. [Winter 2009, p.92]
	Invaders Must Die is a stirringly workmanlike, if retro, blast of founder/producer Liam Howlett's anthemic breakbeat spazz.
	The rave revival starts here!
	The Prodigy's fifth studio album sounds just like The Prodigy should. Only leaner, harder, and even faster than before. [Apr 2009, p.96]
	Sure, Invaders Must Die contains a pack of interchangeable, vaguely rebellious lyrics aimed at no particular target, but the band sound more exciting than they have in a great while now that they are independent of scenes and movements.
	Invaders Must Die lacks their freshness and like all supposed returns "to form" it might prove they can compete with the present generation but, ultimately, it's more facelift than rejuvenation.
	Nothing here genuinely startles the way Firestarter did in 1996.
	You'd think a group that leaned so heavily on their capacity to shock you off wouldn't wear this unabashed regression as well as they do.
	The Prodigy’s renewed commitment to first principles portends a future as the techno Ramones. There are worse things to be.
	Howlett is no slouch in the production chair, and the sounds are mostly blinding, but the songs are strictly by-the-books.
	You could muse on the dignity of 40 year olds having a rave revival but when the 303 synth squelch kicks in on soulful closer 'Stand Up,' it's all more pukka than moody. [Mar 2009, p.105]
	From the first track through its final seconds, Invaders joylessly stomps through overly familiar territory. It's another lunkheaded, loud mash-up of rock and dance, a sound now so beefed-up and campy that it's perhaps only suitable for shotgunning cheap beer and practicing UFC chokeholds with your pals.
	They seem afraid to risk a good old-fashioned jungle break-out, the likes of which would be genuinely invigorating.
	Invaders Must Die isn’t a bad album, but in the end it suffers from having a beginning which is, if anything, too good.
	A majority of IMD is destined to end up splattered across car adverts and in film soundtracks where the scene is of a pulsing, throbbing, energetic nature. Sadly, that won't lend it any more substance.
	In the ugliest way possible Invaders Must Die shows that the Prodigy have still got it.
	The familiarity may be pleasing, but you may ultimately be disappointed when you realize that the original somngs they're emulating are so much better. [Winter 2009, p.81]
	Flint and Maxim toss off innocuous, vague lyrics in the hope that something sticks. Nothing really does, and the joyless end result is flat-out exhausting.
	It's all pummeling, vacuous rave noise--useful mainly for thrash dancing and scaring neighbors.
	