[Disciple], while not as tight and gritty as his debut, is far more ambitious in scope and fearless in its approach. [3 Dec 2004, p.84]
	Its double-CD sprawl is ambitious not hubristic, imposing not indigestible.
	There's just enough to be cut that this could have been one outstanding album instead of two discs that overall make a pretty damn good release.
	One of the most exciting hip-hop releases not only of this year, but in recent memory. [27 Nov 2004, p.61]
	Street’s Disciple reveals Nas at a new peak, finally comfortable in the post-millennial hip-hop world.
	Although Nasir Jones can't match arch-enemy Jay-Z's commercial firepower, he has accomplished one thing even Beyoncé's beau couldn't: a persuasive double album.
	Somewhere in here there's a really good album just fighting to get out.
	Yes, it's "sprawling," "massive," "has lots of filler," "should have been one disc," etc.-- but guess what: It's cocksure and it works.
	The beats throughout are deliriously varied. [Dec 2004, p.138]
	It's not a perfect album -- it's far too indulgent for that -- and would have been stronger as a single disc, but its ambitious sprawl makes for a powerful statement that Nas disciples will surely savor.
	Older rap fans will probably feel the album's subtler pulsings more, but anyone will be able to appreciate the raw talent required to keep such an epic and sprawling project buoyant, without resorting to boring braggadocio and bawdy bling.
	There's a lot of tracks on this album that go a lot deeper than anything Jigga's ever done, but so what? They ain't gonna cut it as party jams. Well, except the party jams.
	The well-worn beats ensure the album is good even as they prevent it from being great.
	Here Nas is on autopilot, churning out uniformly solid but unexceptional material.  [Oct 2004, p.183]
	Suffice to say, Nas' latest plus-sized, two-disc opus Street's Disciple isn't too big on economy or cohesion, but its passion and intensity are hard to deny.
	If reduced to a single disc, Street's Disciple could well be one of the more exciting albums of the year. As is it's a solid, if not brilliant album from an artist we've come to not expect too much from.
	