Fischerspooner might be harking back to a more colourful age, but '#1', more than any other album apart from, perhaps, 'Original Pirate Material' is very much The Sound Of Now.
	It's shallow, pretentious, flamboyant, catchy, and just plain freaky at times, but unlike all the empty pop music you hear on mainstream radio today, this is one pop album that gets it right for once, and what a pure blast it is.
	Points to a genius that should overtake the world of IDM like a funky tsunami. [Jul 2002, p.81]
	Remarkably varied, lush, and fascinating from start to finish, #1 is a great album.
	To even acknowledge #1 is to endorse a deliberately hollow and airy scheme, but to ignore it is to miss one of the best musical artifacts of the nu-electro movement.
	Channels the voices of Gary Numan and Missing Persons through the mouths of Black Box Recorder and Laurie Anderson. [Jun 2002, p.87]
	Winds the clock back to a mid-'80s electro-soundworld in which melodies are crafted alongside beats, rather than crushed by them, and the tinkle of a keyboard carries a sinister air of mystery. [Mar 2002, p.104]
	Long stretches of #1 sound like the synth-pop soundtrack to a vintage video game: thin and static.
	The group's live shows are the stuff of legend--perhaps that's why the act's debut album, #1, seems a bit disappointing without the corresponding over-the-top visuals.
	The album's polished sheen and lack of emotional focus may disappoint electro-trash devotees accustomed to low-rent sleaze and punky rawness. [Jun 2002, p.118]
	The future of pop? Only if you've read too many fashion magazines. [June 2002, p.111]
	Sometimes the music can feel as cold and clinical as Kraftwerk, but even then, the lyrics emote wildly. [Jun/Jul 2002, p.106]
	While there's no denying the hedonistic charm of "Emerge" or "Turn On", it's also obvious that the album slips easily into a beat-happy rut, never quite pulling off the total and complete transfixion it was so obviously designed to achieve.
	It's both impressive and pointless. [28 Feb 2003, p.79]
	It is not groundbreaking, or particularly clever.
	Basically disco with a new-wave spin, it's nothing you haven't heard before--in 1983.
	With every nuance filtered through as much electronic buggery as conceivable, #1 is often irresistibly catchy and simultaneously disposable.
	#1 is a mixture of sounds already available on many Human League, 808 State and Heaven 17 records, arranged by amateurs exploring their self-obsessed, nerdy sexuality.
	An album with great synth-pop and techno tracks. Some tracks doesn't have any sense, they seem made by someone playing around with a software,An album with great synth-pop and techno tracks. Some tracks doesn't have any sense, they seem made by someone playing around with a software, not knowing anything of electronic music. You can hear a strong eighties influence and the mood is a mixture of Kraftwerk and Prodigy.… Full Review »
	I originally bought this back in 2003 after hearing the superb 'Emerge'. On first listen, I was a little disappointed and convinced I originally bought this back in 2003 after hearing the superb 'Emerge'. On first listen, I was a little disappointed and convinced it would get no more than a couple of playthroughs before being added to my ever growing pile of "regrettable purchases". How wrong I was! 4 years later, I'm still giving this album regular rotation. Electro at its best. Hugely recommended. Just be sure not to give up on it after a single listen.… Full Review »
	I would say 3/4 of this cd is the best electro-pop ever produced-emerge being the highlight.The remainder falls a bit flat compared to the I would say 3/4 of this cd is the best electro-pop ever produced-emerge being the highlight.The remainder falls a bit flat compared to the dizzy heights of emerge & the like but still an awe-inspiring debut and highly recommended!!… Full Review »
	