Give it a couple of spins, and you'll find it's completely mind-blowing.
	The sharpest, most imaginative and downright listenable album of Blur's career to date.... A grown-up alt.rock album of breathtaking potency and invention. [Album of the Month, June 2003, p.90]
	The album shuffles and grooves like Fela Kuti sloshed on gin and tonics. [June 2003, p.100]
	'Think Tank' is an extraordinary record that pushes boundaries and sets new standards.
	Invigorating and intriguing, as hummable as it is inventive... it's also possibly the best thing Blur have done. [May 2003, p.88]
	In a way, this could be Blur's best record.
	A mature and, occasionally beautiful album, possibly the finest of their career.
	Don't just judge it as an album by a band coming off a major line-up change. You won't need to.
	True, Think Tank is flawed. There are many, many things wrong with this album.... But the record’s peaks are extraordinary.
	An album so disjointed that it seems to artfully fall apart as it plays.
	Part of the reason this record succeeds is that they haven't tried to replace Coxon, but rather rely on their remaining strengths like inventiveness and songcraft.
	There are guitars, but they are rarely central. The beat-driven tracks veer towards the arty, white boy-with-beatbox line of Talking Heads and The Clash. [May 2003, p.96]
	Their penchant for pillaging rock's past has vanished with Coxon, but their melodic faculties remain, and crafty tunes complement the sonic decay.
	While Albarn still has an ear for a melody, without Coxon's guitars to subvert them, most of these songs sound like the work of a new band.
	Against the odds, 'Think Tank' is a success, a record which might not mean much to Strokes fans but which shows Blur's creative spark is undimmed even while their stomach for the pop fight fades.
	Tank isn't simply a departure. It's also a collage of the best Blur have done.
	If it is the end, Blur has gone out kicking as always.
	Think Tank is Blur’s most cerebral, wildly experimental album, ever.
	A wonderfully textured and mature album that shows they are continuing their arc of maturation and experimentation.
	Think Tank, then, is neither the best Blur album nor the worst; rather, it's a unique creature, guaranteed to be the oddball in the band's catalogue.
	The Coxon-less Blur is a less focused Blur, but Albarn, James and Rowntree can still pull moments of sterling derision from beneath the fog.
	A tame but rather satisfying affair. [Aug 2003, p.105]
	Think Tank is an uneven album that only those with a very open mind and a big love for the band will be able to stomach.
	For an album called Think Tank, this muddled retread seems awfully short on ideas. [9 May 2003, p.75]
	Sure, it might be easier to accept if it was called a Damon Albarn solo album, but that's splitting hairs. A lousy album is a lousy album, no matter who gets credit.
	The Coxon-less Blur seem half a band, adrift in a loopy, moody head cold. [May 2003, p.115]
	