Like The Polyphonic Spree stripped of all their faux compound dwelling arse wittery, this is an unambiguous shot of serotonin straight to your head and heart.
	One might be a bit startled by how much, well, more broken this new [album] sounds. [#17, p.92]
	Where YFIIP meticulously arranged the collective of instrumentation for precision, like a ballet, this self-titled album throws everything into a blender, almost completely overwhelming the pretty melodies underneath - but not quite.
	The 14-song set is as bright and moving as the band's previous efforts, but Broken Social Scene holds more charisma, more depth, and surely more complexities.
	Broken Social Scene has pulled off the rare feat of making a heavily produced record sound instinctive and spontaneous.
	This is the sound of things all falling apart, and few albums this year have sounded better. [#11, p.105]
	There's a real effort to forge beauty out of chaos without losing any of the chaos. [Album of the Month, Jan 2006, p.100]
	An effervescent rush of melody, invention and magic. [Jan 2006, p.119]
	This album is alive.
	This exercise in excess makes the ambitious You Forgot It in People seem positively understated by comparison.
	Though it loses its momentum in the final few tracks, and prevents me from giving it the downright slobbering it might otherwise deserve, Broken Social Scene, much like its release day partner, You Could Have it So Much Better..., is a cinder in the eye of all the indie-haters.
	A multifaceted, densely layered sound. [Oct 2005, p.138]
	In places, the group seems like they're being almost willfully difficult, and yet it often makes for darn good listening.
	The group has lost some of the accessibility of You Forgot it in People, which wore its heart on its sleeve with fewer emotional contradictions, but has maintained the same emotional neediness at the previous album's heart.
	A richly textured collection of songs that further explore the possibilities of the group's grooving dream-pop blueprint but stays just weird enough not to attract the ear of mainstream radio.
	The album's plush and detailed enough to invite extensive exploration, and varied enough to not get exhausting. [Oct 2005, p.135]
	But no matter how much I sit here listening to Broken Social Scene, and no matter how special most of these tracks are, they lack the cohesiveness that made You Forgot it in People, and even Feel Good Lost, something to get ecstatic about.
	Not so much a series of songs as it is a musical mood.
	Broken Social Scene builds on gentle nuances, compounding its effect incrementally with each track.
	Feels like being caught up in a creative whirlwind; every song at some point grants you the position of the fly on the wall - being privy to a group of people just chilling out, making music and living the good life.
	Absolutely stunning. [4 Feb 2006, p.29]
	The disc is disjointed, lacks much in the way of cohesive musical character, and ultimately never really reaches to be anything more than a bunch of decent songs held together in the semblance of an album.
	Even a mellowed Broken Social Scene sports more energy and ideas than a dozen mainstream rock acts.
	The record’s overwhelming scale cuts both ways. There are so many artists, voices and instruments begging to be heard that trimming is as much an injustice to the collective nature of the group as leaving in the excess is to the final product.
	What on paper might sound like a recipe for disaster in fact turns into a triumph. [Jan 2006, p.125]
	Cerebral listening.
	This eponymous album mixes grunge, garage, classical, punk, prog and much else into an exuberant melange that sometimes feels as if several songs are going on at once.
	It is not a terrible album by any means; just an unfocussed and sprawling one.
	A compelling failure.
	Broken Social Scene confuses integrity with indulgence, burying good songs under way too much studio tomfoolery. [10 Oct 2005]
	Broken Social Scene is a gratuitous collection of repetitive pocket-symphony anthems for the indie set and an unsuccessful regurgitation of You Forgot It in People's rareness.
	