Coxon has come up with an album full of raw guitar licks, killer hooks and heartfelt lyrics.
	Coxon's ambitions on Love Travels at Illegal Speeds may not be grand -- he has simply made a punky pop album (which is different than punk-pop) -- but his execution is exceptional, which makes this a very appealing album.
	It's all funny, sardonic, heartfelt and loveable. [Apr 2006, p.106]
	Sees a great guitarist becoming a great songwriter. [Apr 2006, p.113]
	Throughout, Coxon's masterly musicianship and shameless enthusiasm for such modish fare pulses like an electric current. [Apr 2006, p.110]
	Coxon is turning in some of the finest, most insightful guitar rock from either side of the Atlantic.
	Even if his singing never touches Damon Albarn's, he seems confident in his voice, using his shortcomings to his advantage to burn through 13 tracks inspired by a passion for late-70s Brit punk.
	Coxon clearly shows a mastery that comes from experience, and when he hits his groove it’s infectious.
	Coxon rocks it in a class of '77 Brit-punk style that'll make record-collecting fetishists in search of Adverts and Chelsea demos soil themselves. [Dec 2006, p.198]
	Full of ripping guitar work and hooks galore. [#74, p.95]
	Unpromising and unassuming at first glance, its highlights burrow under your skin and stay there.
	A fine album that, while not likely to win any prizes for Gorillaz-style innovation, will resonate, both musically and lyrically, with fans young rather than old.
	A cohesive and satisfying listen crammed with generous melodies.
	He lays bare pissed-off tantrums and his emotion through a burgeoning self-belief and raw musicality to create his endearingly bittersweet masterpiece.
	While not as fresh as Happiness, Love is another strong set of raucous riffage painted over confessions of a lovesick pup.
	Love Travels at Illegal Speeds is by far Coxon's best solo album, and if his sensibilities remain where they're at now, it's conceivable that he'll never be able to top it.
	His most accessible [album] yet, crammed with melodic Brit punk played at maximum speed. [Nov 2006, p.97]
	Lots of singers set their dating woes to hard guitars and hummable melodies - Coxon just does it better than most.
	It's true that guitar-pop is all this is, but it's still bloody good stuff.
	The slightness of this album is hard to hold a grudge against, but ain't nothing oh-my-god necessary about it either.
	Love Travels At Illegal Speeds is good stuff that doesn’t drive you round the bend. It doesn’t pack any surprises either.
	The problem with Love Travels At Illegal Speeds is its lack of variation and the dominant subject matter. [#15]
	