The result isn't a faux Rage album; rather, it's the true follow-up to Soundgarden's ''Superunknown'' that neither that band nor a solo Cornell ever managed.
	A remarkable record. [Feb 2003, p.96]
	One of the most important rock bands ever meets one of the best, and guess what, they've only gone and knocked out a bonafide masterpiece. It's 1993 all over again, but it's also 1970 and 2002 and beyond, because an album this classic transcends any pigeonholing.
	They just want to rock you into peaceful submission, and they are successful about 70 percent of the time. [Dec 2002, p.135]
	Audioslave is the best of both bands.
	The first truly great rock band of the 21st century.
	While a bit of this debut sounds like Cornell doing his best over Rage-ified staccato riffs, these guys are at the top of their game when they reverse the formula and make way for Cornell's masterful wail and poetic imagery.
	A curious idea from its inception, pairing Soundgarden's singer with Rage's musicians promises a unique alchemy it can't entirely deliver, obscuring the latter's politics and distinct sound.
	This "debut" is surprisingly nimble, but mostly it's exactly what everyone expected: Chris Cornell blowing out his trachea over a familiar "Killing in the Name" liquid grind.
	This is feel-good stuff, the sound of a rejuvenating artistic vacation. [#12, p.136]
	Many of the songs sound like they're just on the verge of achieving liftoff, never quite reaching their potential.
	In their past lives, the members of this band were enraged. Now, fierce as they might sound, Audioslave just seem sorta engorged.
	The group seems incapable of integrating these traits into something new. It's either Morello re-writing his old licks for bash-and-thud Rage-style rawk or Cornell's more straightforward tension/release confessionals.
	Bad news for fans of either party who'd expected the union to generate something revolutionary. [Dec 2002, p.85]
	Sadly, it seems that with 'Audioslave' these people who were involved in some very exciting rock records in the 1990s, now seem happy to be making some bad ones from the 1970s.
	Audioslave is weighed down by Cornell's po-faced bellow, and it goes on 20 minutes too long. [Feb 203, p.79]
	Lacking individuality, distinction and imagination, this album is over-produced, overlong and over-indulgent.
	Less than the sum of their parts, the album and the band don't even amount to an interesting failure, because the known quantities do what they have always done only this time in tandem.
	At its worst, this project is just plain retarded.
	