BAYTL is an album for B-movie lovers who prefer their entertainment blaring from the blown speakers of a rust-spackled Cadillac.
	A loud and obnoxious ruckus.
	It's a record that marks the time when the "Gucci Gucci" rapper's homegirl became notorious enough to do an album with Gucci Mane, and when Gucci Mane had fallen far enough to decide to go along with it.
	This joint LP produces sub-par lyrics, multiple cartoon beats and a whole lot of, "What the hell did they just say?"
	A tired, impotent album for sure, but between dumb and dumber, dumb wins every time.
	What makes BAYTL really frustrating is the fact that besides V-Nasty's appearances, the album has a chance to be excellent.
	There is Michael Jackson bad, there is Ed Wood bad, and then there is BAYTL, a union so unholy that it cries out for a show on Bravo.
	Just another unnecessary, forgettable mixtape.
	Trash album that i regret listening too. I love gucci but man this is the worst project ever. what was wrong with him making an album withTrash album that i regret listening too. I love gucci but man this is the worst project ever. what was wrong with him making an album with some random girl that couldnt rap to save her life. man i kinda lost respect for gucci for making this project… Full Review »
	This album smells like straight penis. I'm surprised flies don't fly around this garbage. Please do not listen to this or buy this if youThis album smells like straight penis. I'm surprised flies don't fly around this garbage. Please do not listen to this or buy this if you value your life.… Full Review »
	What is this? Gucci Mane isn't a bad rapper and I like the majority of his albums but I see absolutely no point in making this album. I onlyWhat is this? Gucci Mane isn't a bad rapper and I like the majority of his albums but I see absolutely no point in making this album. I only listened to a few songs off of here and V-Nasty was straight HORRIBLE. Her raps mean absolutely nothing and she has an extremely loud and obnoxious voice. The only thing that was even half good about this album was Zaytoven's production. Gucci wasn't horrible either but V-Nasty was the one that made this album bad. What was Gucci thinking when he made this? For a decent rapper, shouldn't he have known better than to create an album with a white rapper that has meaningless lyrics, an extremely loud and annoying voice and overused the N word? I didn't love Trap House 3 but it was a HUGE step-up from this horrible project. Grade: D+. Highlights: "F*** You" saved by Slim Dunkin. Worst songs: everything else… Full Review »
	