This is CocoRosie's best long-player yet, and a sure contender for album of the year.
	CocoRosie has this fantastic ability to infuse humanity into their drum machines, and the warming result carries The Adventures to marvelous heights. [Apr 2007, p.102]
	This album provides a gateway to a spine-tingling and thought-provoking experience which more than compensates for the intermittent poor man's Bjork moments.
	What really makes Ghosthorse and Stillborn worthy of a jump for joy is CocoRosie’s transformation from self-conscious oddity into an actual songwriting force.
	Adventures  is a record that is just as quirky as it is brilliant.
	The Adventures of Ghosthorse and Stillborn's densely packed sounds and ideas are a lot to process, but they're what makes this album rewarding on repeated listens.
	This is a larger-sounding, less homespun set than thte sisters' previous two albums. [May 2007, p.102]
	Seduces with a mixture of whimsical beauty and compelling mystery. [Jun 2007, p.101]
	There is a childishness about CocoRosie's sound, but rather than a tame tweeness, it's the dark perversity of a genuinely infantile imagination.
	There’s still plenty to stir your senses, even if it more often than not has a generic hip-hop beat running beneath it.  [#17, p.83]
	The album suffers from a lack of focus. [May 2007, p.67]
	The more lukewarm segments of Ghosthorse weigh its worth down like saddlebags filled with iron, particularly the trip-hop confessional sections. But even these lesser moments contribute to a greater good when all is said and done, adding up to a slightly cinematic experience best witnessed with full attention fixed on the little details.
	This new record has a genuinely hopeful and perhaps truthful center which drips with promise but elsewhere lacks excitement, eroticism, soul, humor, and breadth.
	It's not everyone's glass of absinthe, but Adventures will find a happy reception among listeners who want an occasional hallucination to go with their usual woozy drunkenness. [#75, p.94]
	The clear, crisp production and epic atmospheres are a huge departure from the sisters’ previous two albums... But otherwise things are ridiculously the same.
	The production is cleaner this time around, a mixed blessing that steals some of the band's messy, homemade charm in favor of a richer, atmospheric effect.
	It's often cute, rarely precious. But it also has some sort of "concept." And hard as it may try, it isn't Bjork. It isn't even Deerhoof.
	What seemed fresh and charming on 2005's Noah's Ark sounds like an interminable racket this time round.
	The Adventures of Ghosthorse and Stillborn is their third album, though, and if anything, it's a regression: CocoRosie seem to be intent on emphasising all that irritated in the first place.
	There is little to recommend here.
	Occasionally they stumble upon something magical... but they only highlight the paucity of ideas elsewhere. [May 2007, p.123]
	Ghosthorse and Stillborn tends toward lazy, meandering nothings.
	Once they could juggle being both captivating and grating. Today, they're just the latter.
	