In its musical muscle and sweeping, politically charged narrative, it's something of a masterpiece, and one of the few -- if not the only -- records of 2004 to convey what it feels like to live in the strange, bewildering America of the early 2000s.
	It's exhilarating stuff, the kind of record that sets new parameters as to what is possible from a punk rock'n'roll band in the 21st century. [Oct 2004, p.106]
	American Idiot is one of the most politically volatile albums to come out since the ascension of the Accidental President. It's also the best album of Green Day's 12-year career.
	An energetic, musically ambitious pop-rock record that employs its expanded vistas in the service of animating punk's well-worn thematic underpinnings.
	There's still plenty of spunk in to be found in this Sgt. Pepper-lite.
	As often happens with concept albums, the disc tends to rely on lyrics over music, so some of the songs are forgettable. [24 Sep 2004, p.105]
	It is exactly what the band needs to boost itself to the next level of pop-punk prowess.
	Not only does it contain Green Day’s finest songs (and choruses) to date... but it also scratches at the surface of political dissatisfaction with nails sharp enough to leave a nasty scar.
	A powerful work, noble in both intent and execution. [Nov 2004, p.110]
	An onslaught of varied and marvellously good tunes presented in an unexpectedly inventive way. [18 Sep 2004, p.65]
	This is the type of album impressionable teenagers fall in love with, crammed with melody and variety and thrill.
	As pretentious a concept as that might seem, Green Day pulls it off brilliantly.
	There are several duff tracks, certainly. And, sure, as a whole 'American Idiot' can easily be criticised for its simplistic, occasionally naïve sixth form lyrics, all round pomposity and general adherence to the group's tried and tested formula of punchy three-chord pogo-pop. But it's still a wonderfully entertaining, polemical punk rock record.
	If the forced lyrical growth is a little stunted, it’s more than made up for by the band’s newfound sonic ambitions.
	For all its grandiosity, American Idiot keeps its mood and method deliberately, tenaciously, and angrily on point.
	American Idiot isn't so much meticulously crafted as it is unflinchingly audacious.
	Against all odds, Green Day have found a way to hit their thirties without either betraying their original spirit or falling on their faces.
	As a rock opera, Idiot is a mostly three-penny thrill.
	Fans will be relieved to know that although it pulls few lyrical punches, slam-dancing is still possible. [Nov 2004, p.119]
	The observations don't always dig as deep as they're meant to, and buzzwords occasionally stand in for insights, but American Idiot finds Green Day both shaking up its formula and applying it in novel and unexpected ways.
	Self-referential, unified, and insanely catchy, American Idiot's positives outweigh its clichéd delivery and ironic medium for corporate America critique.
	Green Day trumps any pretension with melody and sheer fervor.
	American Idiot is a mess - but a vivid, splashy, even courageous mess.
	An album that doesn’t sell us short on the pop hooks of albums past, but one that also delivers a healthy dose of politics to the mix without sounding like a six-legged cliché-riddled embarrassment.
	Concept or not, American Idiot is still decent fodder for a mosh pit, a luagh and a sob session. [Nov 2004, p.136]
	There's no economics, no race, hardly any compassion. Joe name-checks America as if his hometown of Berkeley was in the middle of it, then name-checks Jesus as if he's never met anyone who's attended church. And to lend his maunderings rock grandeur, he ties them together with devices that sunk under their own weight back when the Who invented them.
	