Marina Diamandis rivals Katy Perry for catchy hooks, commands with the swagger of Gwen Stefani, and even comes close to the ethereal vocal exhilaration of Florence Welch.
	Diamandis is trying to expose the artifice of big-box pop music by using its own voice, and despite the obvious trappings of the concept, she does a fairly respectable job.
	Electra Heart manages to balance the ironic and the heartfelt, the quirky and the mainstream, the real and the fake with remarkable aplomb.
	Whether she'll increase her fanbase on this second album by cloaking her naked ambition in the character of a self-obsessed bunny boiler called Electra Heart remains to be seen, but she's certainly given it everything. [May 2012, p.78]
	Electra Heart is too professional to be truly terrible, but it's never clever enough to be more than merely toytown.
	Electra Heart showcases glimpses of a clever, ballsy pop star.
	She's somewhere beneath some half-hearted songs, a confused concept and someone else's image.
	Whilst there's no getting past some of the duller and more unbearable material on this record ... if she'd made a record full of songs as unaffected as these four ["Lies," "Starring Role," "Power & Control," "Living Dead"], Electra Heart could be one of the year's most acclaimed pop albums.
	Not sure-footed enough in its subversion, its artificiality feels fake rather than carefully plotted.
	Electra Heart is a reasonably fun listen, and even if it falls short of its stratospheric ambition, still has more to say than many of Marina's contemporaries.
	Electra Heart sounds high on concept, low on songs. [Jun 2012, p.108]
	On Electra Heart, Diamandis trades her cabaret post-punk vocal histrionics and thrift-store chic for an unconvincing Jacqueline Susann bombshell image and more overtly top-40-friendly sound.
	These prom queen themes have had a more intriguing musical treatment from Lana del Rey.
	Over brutish electro-stomps and fizzy pop trifles every bit as sickly as that suggests, Marina's shrill Violet Elizabeth Bott inflections proclaim her emptiness.
	The problem here isn't Dr Luke smothering Marina's idiosyncracies so much as Marina/Electra herself crafting them into something paper-thin and paper-cut annoying.
	'Electra heart' is an ingloriously languid statement of Marina's demise, the final stamp of disapproval on her flailing excuse of a musical career.
	