The song kick-starts the album's powerful sense of forward motion, of a woman struggling to wrestle free from expectations, relationships and religious convention.
	It's the album that makes her the comparative standpoint in her own right--suggesting subtly that she may one day be the talismanic songstress for her own generation.
	If she maintains this faith in her abilities, her albums will continue to awe, inspire and provide tough competition for the rest of the world.
	These are truly wonderful songs that deserved to be poured over and analysed for months to come.
	She's closely attentive to the particulars of her folk songs, which allows them to reveal deeper and darker secrets with each listen and to resonate long after the record has stopped spinning.
	It's safe to say her new album is another fascinating, furiously beautiful work that maintains her position as England's reigning folk princess.
	It's heavy at times, but always thoughtful and interesting.
	With Creature Marling has delivered something that has her own personal sound throughout, but still manages to explore both lighter and darker territory.
	A Creature I Don't Know stands up well against its feted predecessor and can only add to Laura Marling's reputation as a songwriter and musician.
	Barely out of her teen years herself, Marling explores a whole spectrum of female experience with empathy and intelligence.
	This real-life fairytale is made up of myriad difficult home truths but Marling's hejira, her flight to freedom, makes for absolutely compelling listening. Oh, and there's a happy, redemptive ending to boot.
	For now, we should simply savour the sound of an artist setting herself new targets and hitting each one with real panache. [Oct 2011, p.78]
	An air of inquiry suffuses Laura Marling's third album, a mood of experimentation as cerebral as it is playful.
	Laura Marling continues to impress on her third outing, though the transatlantic influences are becoming more apparent.
	It's a technical leap forward...but she wears this transformation easily. [Oct 2011, p.101]
	Marling has transcended the nu-folk movement and carved her own magnificent identity.
	Marling has always sounded like an adult, even when she wasn't one. Now that she's got the actual years to back up her world-weary tone, she's all the more thrilling. Maybe it's the beast within.
	Nu-folk starlet shines ever brighter on third outing. [Sept. 2011, p. 100]
	Marling may spend the majority of these songs and several others struggling to find wisdom and peace in the face of trials brought on by lust, money, and death, but she almost always sounds like she already has all the answers.
	A Creature I Don't Know takes Marling even further in her musical career than her efforts have already-and the girl's only 21.
	Whilst the overall the artistic advancement is decidedly impressive for such a fledgling talent, Marling does at times sell herself a little short on the lyrical and vocal front.
	Three albums in, the young singer/songwriter sounds brave and confident yet breakable and guarded, and while A Creature I Don't Know may not be the bolt from the blue fans and critics were hoping for, it's most certainly storm born.
	The strength of Creature rests in its ability to reconcile the energy of her debut album, albeit and perhaps unfortunately without the youthful spirit, and the growth of her second album, without sounding in the least bit labored.
	Her worldly-wise tone can still come over a little smug but give her time – she'll grow younger than this yet.
	If the Sheryl Crow–isms of the first few tracks throw you off, sit tight: From tempestuous meditation "The Beast" on, every song is chillingly badass.
	While her music still belies her age, he laser-beam narrative focus still indicates a young adult willing to believe that everything matters. [Oct. 2011, p. 81]
	