WIXIW eventually opens to reveal cunning depths.
	Liars have created another standout album that while dissimilar from the rest, is nothing short of amazing and nothing of a surprise from such an exceptional band.
	An exquisitely polished, well-refined album that takes the best of what Liars have achieved in the past and fastens it in a crisp electronic casing.
	No matter how far into the ether they push, no matter what new form their music takes, there is a core Liars sound, and they've never sounded more aware of that or as ready to take on the challenge of reaching into that center.
	[WIXIW is] dizzying, discordant and heavily rhythmic, as Andrew, Hemphill and Gross weave found sounds, freaky fragments of melancholy off-kilter melody, spiralling keyboard motifs, flurries of strings and distorted vocals and riffs through electronics that crunch and crack like shattered glass.
	It is a refreshing, sublime, and exciting work of art.
	WIXIW is a wonder of an album of endless layers and contrasts to get caught up and lost in.
	WIXIW is simply a Liars album that exceeds expectations and throws a sonic left curve that not only impresses, but reminds us how talented this band is.
	There's lots to love about WIXIW, but it is all so much the band's own creation that anything less than experience falls severely short of capturing it.
	WIXIW's pop is still complex and affecting and of beguiling substance. [Aug 2012, p.91]
	An album that immerses you into its world, a headphones record that is at once both their most accessible and their most challenging, revealing new layers after every listen. Unpredictable, in the very best way.
	Downright pretty. [No.88 p.57]
	On WIXIW, everything is in its right place.
	This isn't a joyful album, but it's inviting and almost welcoming in ways that might surprise people who primarily associate the band with the alienating onstage antics of giant frontman Angus Andrew.
	WIXIW is another remarkable achievement for Liars.
	Each Liars album has kept us guessing and WIXIW is no exception, offering us another glimpse of Liars' infinite supply of uncompromising, yet succesful ideas.
	What WIXIW's working process has given them instead is yet another way to find the manifold, melancholy and menacing nature of Liars.
	WIXIW is an unqualified success and, now that LCD are no longer with us, its makers are truly are in a field of their own.
	While WIXIW might be a shade less ambitious than some of their previous albums, it's still fascinating to hear Liars wield beauty and delicacy just as formidably as they've used force and noise in the past.
	Liars continue to stay delightfully fresh and impressively relevant through every careful reinvention.
	This is their most mysterious and rewarding album yet.
	WIXIW puls[es] with strange, inimitable energy.
	Once you allow it to sink in, WIXIW becomes a hushed collection of voices.
	While 40-plus minutes of these experiments may start to drag, Liars' ability to work in hooks and structure to oddball electronic music is both admirable and pleasantly surprising.
	Another very good album from a band that consistently turns out good work while charting its own path.
	At best, this would spark an awakening that provides the catharsis for yourself. At worst, WIXIW is an impressive statement by a band that regularly seems several steps ahead of their peers.
	It's an album that creeps you out even as it sucks you in.
	It's a good album, revelatory in that Liars can carry their sound into different realms of possibility, a translation carried out by different instruments.
	Though not as visceral as previous outings, WIXIW has its charms.
	Hit singles are in short supply, but WIXIW has an atmospheric, immersive quality that puts one in mind of Kid A's soporific drift. [Jul 2012, p.77]
	For a record that strives to sound disembodied, it has a powerful grip. [Jul 2012, p.105]
	The latter half of WIXIW has enough to offset their plodding attempts to be experimental.
	By taking electronic to mean, largely, removed introspection, WIXIX might be the one example of a guitar band who, by fully embracing electronica, have regressed.
	Yes, there are some colorful, more fully realized moments toward the end, but all the mumbling and fussing it takes to get there is murder.
	