It's quite possibly his best album since 1982's Nebraska.
	We Shall Overcome lets us revel in the sound of a man who no longer confuses unplugged with uninspiring--and who isn't afraid to mix in some merriment with the message. [28 Apr 2006, p.134]
	Not only does We Shall Overcome feel different than Bruce's work; it also feels different than Seeger's music.... It's a rambunctious, freewheeling, positively joyous record unlike any other in Springsteen's admittedly rich catalog.
	But this isn’t a hoary breathing of air into faded songs; this is a sonic transfusion on the order of the Mermaid Avenue records.
	Springsteen does more than just an adequate job; it’s difficult not to get swept along by the infectious energy of his performance.
	It's music-making for the pure joy of it, and that delight overflows in a manner that's truly rare.
	Less an exhumation than a celebration, The Seeger Sessions is the best proof we've got that America's folksongs are also our finest artifacts.
	While this record remains absolutely likeable, it still sounds too much like the soundtrack for a concert that hasn't happened yet.
	His most jubilant disc since Born in the U.S.A. and more fun than a tribute to Pete Seeger has any right to be.
	Unlike many of his recent recordings, this is an addictively exuberant album.
	This folk album is a loud, energetic, arena-ready fiesta.
	It’s wild music, and it’s wildly musical, and, yeah, it’s probably the most wonderfully raw production Springsteen’s talent has ever been channeled through.
	Rambunctious and packed with a lust for life, "We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Seesions" is not only Springsteen's rowdiest set in years, it's the one that seems likely to win him a whole new audience.
	A powerful example of how songs reverberate through the years to accrue contemporary meaning. [Jun 2006, p.92]
	Many who don't like Springsteen may love this. Many who love Springsteen may hate this. [Jun 2006, p.100]
	We shall overkill, he means.
	The Boss’ most lively release since Born in the USA.
	The problem is that these songs are mostly too corny to have much drama restored to them. This is not folk music as mystery or romance or danger but as communal singalong.
	Most of the album is more fun than a folkie could stand. [Jun 2006, p.147]
	[Springsteen's] loosest, most vigorous album in two decades. [Jun 2006, p.84]
	At long last, Springsteen has realized that not every album has to be an attempted masterpiece. [Jun/Jul 2006, p.111]
	Springsteen sounds natural enough singing many of these songs, but we never forget that that's Bruce Springsteen -- Bruce "Born to Run," "Born in the USA" Springsteen -- singing these songs, and the necessary baggage that the rocker's voice brings with it raises unavoidable questions of intent.
	This is a folk-gospel tribute album with harmony and backing vocals so powerful you'd think it was the population of New Jersey marching in Technicolor over the grey, polluted Hudson singing along. [22 Apr 2006, p.39]
	It might not add up to a must-have, but it's good to hear Springsteen with the pressure off. [Jun 2006, p.112]
	The gusto with which Springsteen delivers the many verses of Froggie Went A-Courtin' leaves me wondering if the millionaire everyman is simply unaware that his country is at war.
	