Even in its darkest moments, a humane glow envelops the album, which takes her already-arresting sound and expands it to widescreen.
	With a new album of expertly-crafted, touching, and refreshingly honest odes to life, Regina Spektor has grown without growing away from what makes her so special.
	If naysayers can't get past the sheen of spiced-up production, it's their loss.
	She displays a range fans old and new will find intoxicating. [16 Jun 2006, p.75]
	Her vocal quirks can take some getting used to, but the oblique melodies and cosmic lyrics in songs such as "On the Radio" and "20 Years of Snow" demonstrate what a remarkable talent is mixed in with all the idiosyncrasies.
	It's a consistently intelligent and daring record, yet remains enormously listenable.
	There's a fearless, uninhibited confidence to Spektor's voice, not to mention a delightful whimsy to her music, that sets her apart from artists like [Fiona] Apple.
	Tighter and freakier than her debut. [Jul 2006, p.102]
	As addictive as ice-cream dots. [Jul 2006, p.88]
	Spektor's first major-label release sets her up as a serious rival for [Tori] Amos's queen-of-whimsy title.
	It's an easier listen than its wildly imaginative predecessor.
	Did we say "hard to resist?" Make that "impossible." [Aug 2006, p.224]
	Spektor's biggest-hearted, clearest-minded effort yet--achieved, thankfully, without sacrificing any of her wonderful weirdness. [Aug 2006, p.111]
	Spektor has lept from black and white into joyous colour. [Aug 2006, p.88]
	'Begin To Hope' is the sound of [Spektor] blossoming into the most talented female artist around--and one with edge. [8 Jul 2006, p.43]
	The album feels like getting to really know someone: at first, it's polite and a little restrained, but then its real personality, with all of its charming idiosyncrasies, finally reveals itself.
	On the whole her performance throughout Begin to Hope exhibits new levels of control and direction, reaching a point where the song and the singing are inseparable.
	A little bit of kitsch is important... Begin to Hope has enough of it to stand out, and enough ethics to keep the whole thing grounded.
	Always ambitious, occasionally experimental, and sometimes even radio-friendly.
	The songs are pretty on first listening, and some of Ms. Spektor's straightforward love songs, like "Fidelity" and "Field Below," reveal a gorgeously unguarded yearning. But she doesn't hide her quirks elsewhere.
	Less miserable than Fiona Apple, less wacky than Nellie McKay and less hippieish than Tori Amos, Spektor shows off her gorgeous, fluttery voice, her burgeoning writer chops and her God-given quirks on [Begin to Hope].
	As elegant as it is addictive. [Jun/Jul 2006, p.131]
	A complex yet controlled fourth album of astonishing beauty and perfect strangeness.
	Begin to Hope has its highs and lows, but it is a journey worth taking.
	If the elitist few who hold Regina almost too close to their bosom can get past the shiny façade of the first few tracks, they'll find a whole new Regina to love.
	The album's substance is obscured by the distracting presence of its production.
	The problems are not Spektor's songwriting or singing or playing... but they are equally underemphasized and poorly recorded. [#13, p.88]
	[She] remains comically kooky. [Aug 2006, p.116]
	As if the synthesized strings and electronic dabbling weren't sad enough, [Spektor's] ascerbic voice has been all but lost in squishy couplets about making things better and needing to "know you."
	