Recall[s] his greatest '90s-electronica work. [May 2006, p.91]
	The Analord series... proved that James was still capable of brilliance -- not just scattered brilliance, but consistently excellent and occasionally stupendous work.
	Untouchable. [Jun 2006, p.117]
	The dark malevolent genius of "Windowlicker" may be lacking, but Richard D. James still walks that line between the accessible and the downright filthy.
	A brilliant collection of spanking, multi-layered tunes.
	No-one makes gizmos and machines prong like fruity tuning forks as well as this man, nor do they construct such vivid atmospherics with such cunning simplicity.
	James may not have broken new ground here - much of Analord is redolent of his earlier work - but this should satisfy his followers until he decides to become Aphex again.
	Rather than slashing and burning through new territory, Chosen Lords merits attention as a charismatic history chronicling the evolution of James' musical identities.
	Without the scuffed overload of his teenage releases, it's obvious that these are newly minted. [May 2006, p.98]
	When it comes to making smart, mischievous electronic merry, no one can touch him. [May 2006, p.105]
	Over the course of 10 tracks and 56 minutes, Aphex Twin proves that music can be memorable without hooks or readily identifiable melodies.
	It's true that none of the tracks here quite scale the heights reached early in his career.... But... James is at least trying to move beyond what he's achieved already. [May 2006, p.124]
	Even if everything here is already familiar to Analord watchers, it's a welcome return.
	Chosen Lords is... a nostalgic, fun listen for longtime fans and suitable point for new listeners to become acquainted with Aphex Twin’s twisted catalogue.
	It’s a step backwards for sure, but a worthwhile one.
	There are several places where the disc seems to lapse into very familiar territory, and at other times it definitely feels like it's coasting a bit.
	'Chosen Lords' is proof of Aphex Twin's uncommonly rude health, artistically-speaking. [15 Apr 2006, p.33]
	There's less sense of puzzle and struggle than we're used to with Aphex Twin... but Chosen Lords is certainly meticulous and absorbing. [#266, p.51]
	Really, these songs are dance tunes, and the proper place for them is in a club at high volume. Listening to them at home is, to be honest, somewhat disappointing and perhaps does the tracks a disfavor, because they're not that detailed.
	