It's also the rare work of art that captures the dizzy infatuation that is dedicated infant care. All that's missing is a song about sleep deprivation.
	So what distinguishes the tunes on Alphabutt from Dawson's other work? More poop talk!... That said, don't assume Dawson can't get in a grown-up laugh.
	Alphabutt is a children's album, 15 songs in 27 minutes that have a breezy, unconditional innocence and more than a little silliness.
	This is just silly fun and quite heartwarming in a goofy way – well, as long as you’re not horrified by the idea of your little miracle joyfully singing along to songs about farts.
	Alphabutt is honest and funny, and manages to sidestep all tired, kid-song tropes.
	Most of Alphabutt is like that--good for a few spins and a few laughs, and then it's good on the shelf... until the baby comes. [Fall 2008, p.80]
	This is what ultimately makes Alphabutt a top-notch kids record: that it was recorded by a woman so in love with her kid and with being a mother that you’d happily let her babysit for your wonderful little creature.
	Maybe kids need these adult-perspective, comparatively more serious songs as a break from the goofiness, but I like Alphabutt most when it’s straight-up silly.
	For the target audience, such education lines as "K is for kid fart/L is for long and loud farts" will leave house apes wondering what the fuck they ever saw in "Wheels On The Bus." [Oct 2008, p.153]
	These are not songs for the parents, nor are these tunes meant to educate or even entertain: these are the kinds of songs that kids chant in the backseat when they mean to annoy their parents.
	Depending on your disposition, former Moldy Peach Kimya Dawson is either endearingly naïve or impossibly irritating. Parents who fall into the former camp could do worse than this children's album (it beats Kidz Bop!), but caveat emptor when uptight grandparents are around.
	Alphabutt doesn't do Dawson many favors by putting her twee infantility into its proper context.
	A collection of nursery rhymes aimed at toddlers, it should prove nauseating to anyone over the age of three. [Nov 2008, p.92]
	