Might be one of the most original albums you'll ever hear.
	The funniest, most refreshing British debut in years.
	Fantastic! [Aug 2002, p.112]
	Rich in minor-key melancholia, twangy reverb, and retro keyboards. [Apr 2003, p.108]
	Part Banana Splits, part The Wicker Man, part genius, The Coral may just have produced the most intriguing, tuneful, humorous and enjoyable debut album of the year, and then some.
	The result is a bit jarring, but there's a fervent originality at work here, despite all of the referencing of the halcyon past.
	It's clever, zesty and kaleidoscopic and sometimes... quite brilliant. [Aug 2002, p.121]
	Had the band not approached it with such skill and obvious joy, it might run the risk of sounding indulgent, but The Coral sounds happy to let its old 45s melt together in a glorious puddle.
	The Coral blow through genres like Top 40 radio does flavors of the week. [Apr 2003, p.74]
	A more disparate and yet strangely coherent collection of moods and styles you will not hear this year outside a supremely eclectic compilation.
	There are hints of everyone from Pink Floyd to the Animals here, but somehow the Coral feels remarkably now.
	A record that's as hard to ignore as it is to pin down. [14 Mar 2003, p.66]
	An eclectic, often crazed debut album.... They have all the hallmarks of an excellent, innovative band that won't be undone by their own hype. [Sep 2002, p.105]
	Jaunty, rambunctious, and youthful.
	There's definitely a lot to like throughout this disc; the band has boatloads of talent, and the eclectic spread gels much better than you'd expect.
	This is no whimsical, fey take on folk music, rather a bold, buoyant frug with the skeletons of The Doors, Teardrop Explodes and other likeminded explorers of the stoned side.
	Their selling point is an eclecticism that evades Oasis-style overkill with compact songs that hop all over the place.
	There are enough moments to suggest that, should they ever concentrate on, say, just 10 of their favorite styles, they could be fab. [#14, p.133]
	