Because Bergsman keeps Eden's doors open (centerpiece 'Wapas Karma' is a traditional performed entirely by locals), there's a natural light and a welcome freshness--a breeze from across the world, rather than a suitcase of souvenirs.
	East of Eden, in that sense, isn't so far from Studio's West Coast: a masterful, hypnotic album that draws on a world of influences but is ultimately limited by none.
	Even though she's borrowed a lot here--from Animal Collective, from Pakistani music--Bergsman manages to give it all a tender, sad-yet-sprightly touch that's completely her own.
	East of Eden is a worldly sounding album that still maintains an intimately personal feel. Affectionate, intriguing and absorbing, Bergsman’s music is of the finest variety.
	The only thing is presence and the present. The modest conclusion to a modest and warm album, is that Eden might be closer than you think.
	Free of the patronising condescension that many Western musicians adopt when they embark on musical journeys like this, Victoria Bergsman has produced a marvellous, spell-binding album.
	It's most beguiling when the eastern influences are to the fore.
	East Of Eden is bold and strange, fusing alien-sounding instrumetals woth wide-eyed Scandinavian pop to dizzying effect. [Oct 2009, p.117]
	The results are gorgeous. [Oct 2009, p.112]
	Few are lucky enough to craft a work as gently affecting as East Of Eden. [Fall 2009, p.67]
	She transforms a Sufi song into a lullaby, and like her simultaneously near-and-distant voice, turns a faraway place into home. [Fall 2009, p.100]
	For East of Eden to be such an assured sophomore release, Victoria Bergsman has a kind of steely reserve to take herself further out of the picture on records to come.
	It is at once too ambitious (in the recording process and change of milieu) and not ambitious enough (in its failure to push Bergsman’s music to unexpected and truly experimental places).
	While Eden’s Eastern flavor is certainly enjoyable, it walks a thin line between cultural exploration and exploitation.
	