When the dark, somber and damn loud refrains of 'Ego Death' kick in, it sounds like these guys could completely take over indie rock. [Nov 2009, p.106]
	Exploding Head holds as one of the most consistent, mind-blowing releases this year, unwavering of an any possible identity crisis.
	A Place To Bury Strangers have managed to strike a perfect balance between noise and tune, and as a result created one of 2009's most ingenious records.
	Exploding Head is less an interpretation of a forgotten sound than a restoration of an abandoned mission. Even if you've heard it all before, you certainly haven't heard the end of it.
	Exploding Head is another raucous ode to My Bloody Valentine meets The Jesus and Mary Chain shoegaze. But that’s what’s indicative about this band--although its references are often cited; Exploding Head has that passion needed in reinvigorating a sub-genre.
	This is a definite progression from their earlier material and if this is an indication of where the band is ultimately headed, then Exploding Head is likely to be the first of some very exciting albums.
	Exploding Head is a solid album that spits in the face of any sophomore slump expectations.
	Exploding Head is a movement deftly capturing atmospheric exuberance.
	It's wall-of-noise stuff, but consistently they manage to either build a decent tune into the squall or else engage the listener through exhilarating power alone. [Nov. 2009, p.101]
	Exploding Head is a fine step forward for A Place to Bury Strangers, and shows they're among the best bands bringing shoegaze into the 21st century.
	This is A Place to Bury Strangers at their loudest, most relentlessly methodical, and, surprisingly, funniest.
	Led by effects-pedal guru Oliver Ackermann (the Edge is a customer), this Brooklyn trio further their rep for insane volume on their first proper studio album.
	More attention was paid to mixing, but the sounds captured are as deliciously brash as they were on the debut. [Fall 2009, p.56]
	The back half picks up where the debut left off, full of inspired pieces of paranoia-inducing industrial guitar noise and moribund pop textures--it too often seems like a misguided attempt to connect dots for the listener.
	What A Place to Bury Strangers creates is satisfying, nothing more.
	While A Place To Bury Strangers are obviously still in awe of the original shoegaze crowd, Exploding Head is a step towards sounding unique.
	