These 12 tunes pack an almighty sonic punch. [Apr 2007, p.96]
	Fans of the Stooges' early-'70s masterpieces wondered what they would have sounded like with a big-league budget. Here's the answer: loud, surly and still barely civilized. [Apr 2007, p.120]
	Both a big relief and a mild disappointment. [Mar 2007, p.90]
	It's a tightly woven scheme whose anthemic simplicity is deceptive and leaves room for sophisticated (but still fierce) arrangements. [10 Mar 2007]
	You know how reunion albums work: You listen for the playing, not for the songs, which are mediocre at best.
	Sure, 'The Weirdness' rarely comes close to capturing the feral magic of the band's best vintage work (even if 'Mexican Guy' is built on the same rhythm as '1969') , but, hey, it's The Stooges - and that should be enough for anyone.
	There are certainly moments of The Weirdness that rock. A few of these new Stooges songs may even cause you to stand up and take notice. The difference is, the old ones made you duck for cover.
	A major disappointment that puts a real chink in this great band's legacy.
	The problem lies in the fact that The Stooges have nothing left to say.
	The results... rarely match up with the legend. [Apr 2007, p.107]
	The Weirdness comes off as another solid yet daffy Iggy Pop solo album. The performances are energetic, but Watt is a virtual non-factor.
	The spirit is there, even when, in some cases, the songwriting is not. [25 Feb 2007]
	It doesn't have the kind of force and power that would show the kids how it should be done.
	The Weirdness never sounds like anything more than a competent but ultimately unremarkable band that sounds a little like The Stooges.
	Though hardly the disaster it could have been, then, The Stooges’ return feels unnecessary and, more importantly, undignified.
	The songs themselves aren’t so much unlistenable as just a little sad, highlighting the fact that Iggy Pop is less-than-scary nowadays, and his voice is shot to hell.
	"The Weirdness" is raw, but where's the power?
	The Weirdness does have many of the recognizable sonic and structural traits, but the essential threat of impending doom is missing.
	The band sounds crisper and cleaner than it should.
	This is not the sound of a band with anything on the line.
	It's a rather sad indictment that by the end of the album you almost forget its The Stooges gainfully toiling away.
	Where they were once a glorious mess, here they are simply a mess. [Apr 2007, p.114]
	Like every other inferior album by a defunct cult band that has unexpectedly reunited, it is a danger to the band’s legacy.
	Devoid of inspiration, lacking in any edge, this is pathetic.
	Instrumentally, the album might be as strong as any Stooges work, with blistering guitar, blazing tempos, and well-placed skronking sax, but time and again, Pop proves its hindrance. [#17, p.93]
	The problem with The Weirdness is that it shoots its bolt immediately and has nothing left to offer. [Apr 2007, p.93]
	Even at 40 minutes, this album is interminable.
	Pop's lyrics about his penis and ATMs are beyond self-parody.
	It sounds like 4th generation Stooges impersonators.
	I'm listening to "Free And Freaky"--the third track on this new, horrible Stooges album and possibly the worst song ever written by anyone anywhere--and I can't believe you actually just rhymed "Obama" with "Dalai Lama" and "baby's mama." [Apr 2007, p.191]
	Cringe-worthy lines are unfortunately rampant through The Weirdness’s (long) forty minutes.
	An album that hideously disgraces the band's original work.
	