There's nothing ludicrous about Ludacris giving his fans exactly what they want, and it's even less ludicrous that he will probably convert more new fans on the strength of "Release Therapy."
	This batch of songs is solid, but when Ludacris sticks to bombastic production and uses his inventive delivery styles, as on the boastful "Ultimate Satisfaction" and the thumping "Warning (Intro)" and "Grew Up a Screw Up," the results are gloriously enjoyable. [24 Sep 2006]
	Always good but seldom great, Release Therapy is the rare major-label rap album that suffers from too much substance.
	While the anatomical jokes are in somewhat shorter supply and the beats are a bit further stripped down, this is more or less a standard Ludacris album. That is, a pretty good one, especially once you edit out the misfires.
	Offers enough fierce dis tracks and exuberant punchlines to all but ensure a top 10 debut.
	Release Therapy may not be the mature Ludacris record it purports itself to be, but that isn’t to say it doesn’t have some jaw-dropping confessional moments.
	The anger is a new look for him, as is the role of political pundit or chronicler of social ills. And ultimately, Ludacris still sounds best on tracks like the NC-17 "Woozy." [Oct 2006, p.99]
	There's no cohesion... That said, Luda can still turn out solid tracks based on three qualities: clever lyrics, commitment to concepts and taste in beats.
	For the first half of his fifth album, it's business as usual... The second half finds Ludacris maturing swiftly.
	Luda's heart doesn't seem to be in the party songs.
	It's understandable that Ludacris wanted to show off different parts of himself, but in doing so he didn't have to forget about what fans already knew.
	His desire for gravitas, though, is dragged down by his lack of imagination. [Nov 2006, p.153]
	Release Therapy is solid; disappointing only when weighed against Luda's prodigious talent. [Dec 2006, p.89]
	Release Therapy is probably Luda's best album since Back for the First Time, but it's not like that's saying much.
	Ludacris has created the most uneven album of his career, so frontloaded it might as well be an EP.
	Therapy's diagnosis ultimately is not positive, because the disc's split-personality disorder results in too much incoherence.
	Luda has officially entered his "transition stage" as an artist. I hope it will produce better records than this uneven offering.
	Alas, despite dipping into conscious rap territory, Luda's freaknik is still in full effect.
	Ludacris never truly breaks through. [Nov 2006, p.158]
	When Luda gets all serious, you want old Luda back; when old Luda’s back, you find yourself trying to calculate in your head how much longer you have to listen to it.
	The laughs are in short supply on "Release Therapy."
	