Represents a major upgrade in Dashboard's sound. [Jul 2006, p.83]
	Dusk and Summer’s over-the-topness is relentless – most any second-banana Blink 182-er would sell an expendable internal organ to use one of these songs as a set-closer.
	The album is gentler and falls much closer to the feeling of The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most.
	Dusk And Summer is proof that Carrabba's ability to drop hugely emotive choruses into three-minute pop songs has become its own form of classic American songwriting. [Aug 2006, p.199]
	They've never sounded so unoriginal. Or, frankly, better.
	It's at once a distillation of all that drew tweeners to Dashboard... and a messy, multidimensional celebration of romance and regret. [Jul 2006, p.99]
	Dusk and Summer can be as ponderous and precious as a Hallmark card, but it succeeds because Carrabba has found music as intense and bittersweet as his deep, deep feelings. [29 Jun 2006, p.68]
	Slower paced and more atmospheric than any of its predecessors, "Dusk" is an ambitious showcase of maturity.
	Although long-term Dashboard fans will miss the more fragile moments, the new, big, epic sound is one that suits Carrabba.
	The overall lack of any real risk results in standard guitar anthem boilerplate.
	Most of Dusk And Summer sounds factory-made and even kitschy.
	Only the title track bears any resemblance to what Dashboard once were.
	Truly this is music for life's uncomplicated moments. [15 Jul 2006, p.39]
	The songs are pretty much middle-of-the-road, generic radio alt-rock devoid of any real personality.
	The band only vaguely remember the "hardcore" ingredients in emo on the slightly more edgy title track. Maybe everybody's buying it for the pictures.
	This Dashboard has rock hooks and not much real emotion. This Dashboard is devoid of the only thing that actually made the band good: sincere heartbreak.
	Only the softer songs... display any of the heartbroken mystique that once made Carrabba compelling. [Sep 2006, p.79]
	It's difficult to imagine Carraba's earnest tenor appealing to anyone over the age of 20. [Sep 2006, p.107]
	