Snoop blends the old rap feel with the new style and adds some things to the mix along the way.
	The album serves as a reminder of the flexibility and resilience that have allowed Snoop Dogg to remain an enduring figure in hip-hop.
	He’s stepped outside of his comfort zone of Long Beach City-inspired beats, and the result is his best offering in years.
	Snoop gets the credit he is due and deserves for coming back strong on Malice N Wonderland and managing not to lose his edge despite all his success. It won't go down as the most important album of his career, but it's not one that you should pass on either.
	It's all listenable enough--just nothing you haven't heard him do better before.
	Malice N Wonderland is not, by and large, very ambitious.
	The Doggfather part 10. Ho Hum. What else is on?
	With six producers and 10 guest stars, Malice N Wonderland sees the ageing gangsta casting an eye over modern hip hop in all its forms, including Pronto's nod to the AutoTune phenomenon featuring the manipulated vocals of singing robot Soulja Boy. [Jan 2010, p. 90]
	The woozy G-funk of 2 Minute Warning and 1800's crunk rat-a-tat show his trademark drawl has lost none of its subtle menace, though too often it's left to guest cameos to supply the spark - rising  R&B star Jazmine Sullivan brushing her host aside on soul-powered highlight Different Languages. [Jan 2010, p. 118]
	There's nothing here to rival "Drop It Like It's Hot", much less "gin N Juice", but the results are mostly harmless, even if that was never quite the point. [Jan 2010, p. 126]
	Malice N Wonderland (anxiously awaiting the sequel, Through the Hook N Grass) is overcrowded and undercrunk compared to its uneven but exponentially more ambitious predecessor, "Ego Trippin."
	But too often on this album Snoop is a fuddy-duddy, domesticated and palatable.
	These pop-centric cuts are, however, where Snoop seems most comfortable, if not most talented.
	Snoop Dogg returns on the resurrected Priority label, and the savvy businessman and MC has his ears attuned to the charts with few surprises and only momentary bursts of inspiration.
	I’m increasingly unsure what its audience is looking for, but being that this album seems to rely so heavily on great hooks and attractive beats to sell Snoop’s tired, been-there-done-that raps, I can’t imagine this being a truly satisfying release for most listeners.
	